Join our gardening family to receive the latest tips. Subscribe

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
Harvest to Table                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
[]                                                                      

Menu

  • Edible Plants
      □ Vegetables
      □ Herbs
      □ Fruit
      □ Harvest
      □ Edible Garden Planning
      □ Seed Starting and Propagation
      □ Planting and Planting Beds
      □ Season Extension
      □ Crop Problems
  • Ornamental Plants
      □ Ornamental Garden Design
      □ Houseplants
      □ Annual Flowers
      □ Perennial Flowers
      □ Bulb Flowers
      □ Harvest to Table Groundcovers Guide
      □ Ornamental Grasses
      □ Vines
      □ Growing Shrubs: A Gardener’s Guide from Harvest to Table
      □ Trees
      □ Succulents
      □ Cactus
      □ Ferns
      □ Roses
      □ Lawn
  • Garden Basics
      □ Container Gardening
      □ Soil and Amendments
      □ Plant Propagation Guides
      □ Beneficial Insects for Your Garden
      □ Garden Pests
      □ Plant Diseases
      □ Weeds
      □ Planting and Planting Beds
      □ Podcast Topics Index
  • Kitchen/Recipes
      □ Bakery
      □ Breakfast and Brunch
      □ Casseroles
      □ Desserts
      □ Main Courses
      □ Salads
      □ Sandwiches
      □ Side Dishes
      □ Soups and Stews
  • Course
      □ My Account
      □ Contact
  • Videos
      □ Podcast
  • Index

Search for: [                    ] Search
Menu

                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
Harvest to Table                   []                                

Latest stories

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
  • [svg]                 

    How to Grow Polyantha Primrose – Polyantha Primula

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
  • [svg]                 

    How to Grow Geranium — Pelargonium

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
  • [svg]                 

    How to Grow Larkspur – Consolida

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
  • [svg]                 

    How to Grow Sweet Alyssum – Lobularia

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
  • [svg]                 

    How to Grow and Care for Snapdragons -Antirrhinum

                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
                          
  • [svg]                 

    How to Grow Pot Marigolds — Calendula

Previous Next
in Fruit Vegetables, How to Grow, Plant

How to Plant and Grow Melons

Melon muskmelon1

                       
                       
by [svg] Stephen Albert

                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[svg]                                                                                    

Sharing is caring!

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • Save

Melons grow best when summers are hot, dry, and almost always sunny. The
best-flavored melons will come from the hottest-growing regions. Both cloudy and
rainy weather will slow and all but stop melon growth.

Melons grow best when both the soil and air temperature are at least 70°F (21°C). You
can sow seeds directly in the ground two or more weeks after the last frost. Expect
germination in 3 to 10 days, depending on the soil temperature. (The higher the
temperature the faster the seed will sprout.)

Related articles:

  • Tasty Ways to Serve Melons
  • Melons Seed Starting Tips
  • How to Plant and Grow Melons
  • How to Plant and Grow Watermelon
  • How to Harvest and Store Melons
  • Melons Growing Problems Troubleshooting

Melons need sustained soil and air temperatures of 70°F (21°C) or greater for 75 to
100 days for the best and most flavorful growth. Plant seeds in the garden as soon as
the soil is warm and dry to give these melons the greatest number of hot days. Get a
head start on the season by starting plants from seed indoors, 2 to 3 weeks before
the last frost, then transplant seedlings to the garden no sooner than 2 weeks after
the last frost.

g

The melons are tender, warm-weather plants. Melons grow best in very warm to hot
weather summer regions. Melons are long, trailing annuals that belong to the cucumber
and watermelon family.

The netted melon or muskmelon is commonly called a cantaloupe, but should not be
confused with the real cantaloupe, which is a warty rock melon. Another type of melon
that is often grown in the summer garden is honeydew. It along with the casaba,
Crenshaw, and Persian melon are often referred to as winter melons. They are called
winter melons because they ripen later and require a long growing season than
muskmelons.

The growing information for muskmelons, cantaloupes, honeydew, and other winter
melons is the same.

Garden Planning Books at Amazon:

  • Vegetable Garden Almanac & Planner
  • Kitchen Garden Grower’s Guide Vegetable Encyclopedia
  • Vegetable Garden Grower’s Guide
  • Tomato Grower’s Answer Book

Here is your complete guide to growing melons.

Table of Contents

Toggle

  • Summer melons and winter melons
  • Melon quick-growing tips
  • Where to plant melons
  • Melon planting time
  • Pre-warm the soil for melons
  • Planting and spacing melons
  • Growing melons on mounds or hills
  • Growing melons on vertical supports
  • Growing melons in containers
  • Melon companion plants
  • Watering melons
  • Feeding melons
  • Caring for melons
  • Melon pollination
  • Melon pests
  • Melon diseases
  • Harvesting melons
  • Storing and preserving melons
  • Melon varieties to grow
      □ Orange-fleshed melons
      □ Green-fleshed melons
      □ Honeydew-type melons
      □ Other melons varieties
  • Muskmelon (cantaloupe) varieties
  • Winter melon varieties
  • About melons

Summer melons and winter melons

  • Muskmelons along with watermelons are termed summer melons because they come to
    harvest from mid to late summer.
  • Winter melons—which are grown during the summer like muskmelons–are ready for
    harvest in late summer and autumn. Winter melons include casaba, Crenshaw,
    honeydews, and Persian melons.
  • Cantaloupes, muskmelons, honeydew melons, and other summer melons, as well as
    winter melons, have the same growing requirements.
  • Cantaloupes, muskmelons, honeydew melons, and other summer melons, as well as
    winter melons, have the same growing requirements.
  • Winter melons require 110 frost-free days to reach harvest, more days than
    required by the summer melons, cantaloupe or muskmelon, and watermelon.

Melon quick-growing tips

  • All melons require a growing season of at least 100 frost-free days. Plant melons
    when the soil has warmed to 70° to 80°F. To jump-start the season start seeds
    indoors 2 to 4 weeks before transplanting them into the garden.
  • Sow cantaloupe (muskmelon) seed in the garden or set out transplants 3 to 4 weeks
    after the last average frost date in spring.
  • Start cantaloupe seed indoors 6 weeks before transplanting seedlings into the
    garden. Start seed indoors in biodegradable peat or paper pots that can be set
    directly into the garden.
  • Cantaloupes require 70 to 100 frost-free days to reach harvest; cantaloupes will
    tolerate no frost.

P
Pre-warm the soil by placing black plastic or permeable black garden fabric across
the planting area. When planting cut x-shaped slits in the covering.

Where to plant melons

Grow melons in full sun with plenty of air circulation. Melons must stay warm and dry
to prevent disease and grow quickly and uninterrupted. Grow melons in loose,
well-drained soil rich in organic matter. Prepare planting beds with aged compost and
side dress with compost during the growing season. Grow melons on raised hills: 4 to
6 feet apart for muskmelons, 6 to 12 feet apart for watermelons. Thin to 2 to 3
melons per hill or fewer.

Grow melons in raised beds or on hills or mounds that warm early in the season. In
late spring, about the time of the last expected frost, dig holes about 18 inches
deep and wide. Throw a handful of bone meal or all-purpose vegetable fertilizer (or
half a shovelful of aged steer manure) into the bottom of each hole then backfill
with a mix of aged compost, sand, and native garden soil or a half-and-half mix of
store-bought planting mix and native soil.

If you are not planting in a raised bed, top each hole with the same mix to form a
mound about six inches high and a foot or two wide. Water in the soil and cover the
bed or mound with black plastic sheeting (plastic mulch) or black landscape fabric
that will absorb solar heat. Let the soil warm up for 10 days or more before sowing
or transplanting.

  • Plant melons in full sun.
  • Melons grow best in loose, well-drained, loamy soil rich in organic matter.
  • Add several inches of aged compost and aged manure or commercial organic planting
    mix to the planting bed before planting. Turn the soil to 12 inches (30cm) deep.
  • Melons prefer a soil pH of 6.0 to 6.8.
  • Melons can be grown on mounds, raised beds, up trellises, or in flat planting
    beds. Pre-warm the soil by placing black plastic or permeable black garden fabric
    across the planting area two weeks before planting. When planting cut x-shaped
    slits in the covering.

Melon planting time

Give melons a long growing season; a long, hot growing season will increase flavor
and yield.

Plant seeds in the garden as soon as the soil is warm and dry to give these crops the
greatest number of hot days. Get a head start on the season by starting plants from
seed indoors, 2 to 3 weeks before the last frost, then transplant seedlings to the
garden no sooner than 2 weeks after the last frost.

  • Sow melon seeds in the garden or set out transplants 3 to 4 weeks after the last
    average frost date in spring.
  • Start melon seeds indoors about 6 weeks before transplanting seedlings into the
    garden.
  • Start seeds in biodegradable peat or paper pots at least 4 inches in diameter
    that can be set wholly into the garden so as not to disturb roots.
  • Starting melons indoors is recommended in short-growing season regions where the
    soil warms slowly in spring.
  • Melon seeds will germinate in about 10 days at 65°F (18°C).
  • Melons grow best in air temperatures ranging from 70° to 90°F (21-32°C).
  • If temperatures exceed 90°F (32°C)
  • for several days, flowers will drop without setting fruit.
  • Melons require 70 to 100 frost-free days to reach harvest and will tolerate no
    frost.
  • In cool or short-season regions, grow smaller varieties that come to harvest the
    quickest.

More tips: Melon Seed Starting Tips.

Pre-warm the soil for melons

Warming the soil ahead of planting melons will give seeds and seedlings a strong
start. Pre-warm the soil by placing black plastic sheeting across the planting area
to harvest solar heat. Draw the plastic tight so that there is little air space
between the plastic and the soil.

Once the soil has warmed and plants are growing, the black plastic mulch can be
removed and replaced with an organic mulch of dried leaves, straw, hay, or dried
grass clippings. (Don’t use fresh or wet grass clippings; they will mildew.) Mulch
will keep down weeds, slow soil moisture evaporation, and slowly decompose adding
nutrients to the soil. Make sure the organic mulch you use is pesticide and
weed-seed-free. If you warmed the soil with black landscape fabric, there is little
risk the soil will grow too warm during the summer; leave the fabric in place and
forego organic mulch. The fabric will protect plants from soil rot as they mature.

P
Plant melons on raised mounds or hills that are 24 inches (61cm) across or wider.
Mounds warm quickly in spring and stay warm through the growing season.

Planting and spacing melons

Sow melon seeds outdoors or set out transplants after the soil has warmed to 65°F,
usually two or three weeks after the last frost. Starting seeds indoors and setting
out transplants will provide an earlier harvest. Seedlings for transplanting should
be started indoors three to four weeks before the last expected frost and set out
when about six weeks old. Whether transplanting out or sowing seed in the garden, cut
slits in the black plastic four to six feet apart for planting—the distance between
plants at maturity. Pull the plastic back enough for sowing or transplanting.

If you sow seeds in the garden, sow four to six seeds per hill. Sow seeds two inches
apart and cover with one-half inch of soil. Keep the black plastic in place and also
cover the seeds with a bottomless plastic milk jug–to warm the soil even more. Let
the jug cover the seeds until they germinate and for a week or two after. The seeds
will germinate in about two weeks. After seedlings are three to four inches tall,
thin the number of seedlings to the three strongest plants per mound. Replace the
plastic jug with a floating row cover to protect plants from cool weather and insect
pests (such as cucumber beetles) as they grow. When the first female flowers open,
remove the row covers so that bees can pollinate flowers.

  • Sow melon seed 1 inch (2.5cm) deep.
  • Space seeds 18 inches (45cm) apart in the garden.
  • Plant melons on raised mounds or hills that are 24 inches (61cm) across or wider.
    Mounds warm quickly in spring and stay warm through the growing season.
  • Sow 4 to 6 melons seeds on each mound; when seedlings have developed three or
    four true leaves, thin to the 2 or 3 strongest seedlings on each hill.
  • Cut the thinned seedlings at the soil level with scissors so as not to disturb
    the roots of the remaining plants.
  • Space mounds 4 to 6 feet (1.2-1.8m) apart.
  • Mounds can range in height from a few inches to more than 12 inches (30cm) tall;
    mounds will allow vines to run away down the slope.
  • Move an inch or two of soil across the top of the mound to form a rim around the
    top of the mound. The rim will protect young plants from heavy rains that might
    wash away the soil leaving shallow roots exposed; the rim will also hold
    irrigation water during hot weather.

Growing melons on mounds or hills

Sow melon seed 1 inch deep. Sow 4 to 6 melons seeds in mounds or inverted hills 24
inches across; thin to the 2 or 3 strongest seedlings in each hill when seedlings
have developed three or four true leaves (or set 2 or 3 transplants in each hill).
Cut the thinned seedlings at the soil level with scissors.

Space mounds or inverted hills 4 to 6 feet apart. Mounds can range in height from a
few inches to more than 12 inches tall; mounds will allow vines to run away down the
slope. Use inverted hills where the weather and soil are very dry and plants will
benefit from the collection of rain or irrigation water. Make an inverted hill by
removing an inch or two of soil to form a circle 24 inches across; use this soil to
make a rim around the circle. The rim also will protect young plants from heavy rains
that might wash away the soil leaving shallow roots exposed.

M
Muskmelons can be trained to grow on a trellis. Don’t worry, they won’t fall until
they are fully ripe.

Growing melons on vertical supports

  • Muskmelons and other summer melons can be grown on trellises or fences.
  • You can also train melon vines up an A-frame. Lean two trellises into each other
    and tie them together at the top.
  • A trellis set against a solid fence or the wall of a building will benefit from
    reflected heat.
  • Make sure the vertical support is well anchored. Heavy fruits can tip a trellis
    late in the season.
  • Space melons at the base of vertical supports 12 inches (30cm) apart.
  • Train vines up a trellis or other support with elastic horticultural tape.
  • Melon plants can grow up to 8 feet (2.4m) tall and wide or more.
  • Most melon vines will support the weight of a melon, but you can use garden
    netting tied to the support to support melons.
  • Melons grown on vertical supports will get full sun exposure and good air
    circulation which can help prevent fungal diseases.

Growing melons in containers

Melons are usually too large to grow in a container. Select a bush, dwarf- or
mini-cultivar to grow in a container. Place a trellis or other support next to the
plant to save space and increase yields. Choose a container at least 18 inches deep
that can support a vining plant. In the short growing season regions extend the
season by starting melons indoors and moving them out when the weather has warmed.

  • Select a bush, dwarf- or mini-cultivar to grow in a container.
  • Choose a container at least 18 inches (45cm) wide and deep that can support a
    vining plant.
  • Place a trellis or other support next to the plant to save space and increase
    yields.
  • In short-growing season regions, extend the season by starting melons in
    containers indoors and then moving them outdoors when the weather warms.

Melon companion plants

  • Plant melons with corn, radishes, beans, and nasturtiums.
  • Plant herbs such as dill or bee balm near melons to attract pollinators.

T
True cantaloupe and other melons require consistent water to ripen sweet.

Watering melons

Keep melon plants evenly moist throughout the growing season. Do not let the soil dry
out more than four inches below the surface. Water any time plants begin to wilt
before noon.

Melons have deep taproots that seek out soil moisture. Direct watering will cool off
and slow the growth of these heat-loving crops, so if irrigation is necessary where
you live, water at the edge of growing hills or beds, not directly on or at the base
of plants so as not to slow growth. Where irrigation is required and the weather is
hot, give melon family crops 1 to 2 inches (2.5-5cm) of water each week.

  • Melons require plentiful regular, and even watering for quick growth.
  • Give melons 1 inch of water (16 gallons/60.5 liters) or more each week.
  • Water with drip irrigation or a soaker hose to avoid wetting leaves. Wet leaves
    are susceptible to fungal diseases.
  • Keep the soil around melons evenly moist from planting until the fruit begins to
    develop.
  • You can cut back on watering once fruit begins to develop but don’t let the soil
    go dry. Less water will enhance sweetness.
  • Dry soil a week before harvest will produce the sweetest melons.
  • Avoid watering plants overhead which can result in mildew.

Melons require plentiful regular, and even watering for quick growth. Keep the soil
moist until the fruit reaches full size then stop watering while the fruit ripens.
Avoid watering plants overhead which can result in mildew.

Feeding melons

Feed melons with a side-dressing of compost tea or fish emulsion two weeks after
seedlings appear or at transplanting time; feed melons again when the first flowers
appear.

Prepare planting beds with aged compost; add aged manure to beds in the autumn before
planting. Side dress melons with compost or manure tea every 2 to 3 weeks during the
growing season.

  • Prepare planting beds with aged compost; add aged manure to beds in the autumn
    before planting.
  • Side dress melons with compost or manure tea every 2 to 3 weeks during the
    growing season.
  • You can also feed melons a diluted solution of fish emulsion every 2 weeks.
  • Flat, tasteless melons may suffer from a lack of magnesium or boron in the soil.
    Fruits can be sweetened by giving them a dose of Epsom salts and borax. For home
    garden use, use about 6½ tablespoons of Epsom salts and 3½ tablespoons of
    household borax added to five gallons of water. Spray-mist the vines with this
    solution.

F
Prune away flowers so that each melon plant grows no more than four fruits at a time.

Caring for melons

When melons and squash begin to grow large, raise them off the soil and rest them on
wooden shingles, clay roof tiles, sheets of plastic, or overturned cans to prevent
contact with the soil and rotting.

Mulch to keep down weeds. Water to keep melons evenly moist; do not let the soil dry
after transplanting or as fruits develop. Male flowers will appear first followed by
female flowers. Give melons manure tea when the fruit sets and again about two weeks
later. Don’t allow new flowers to develop after midsummer; let the plant concentrate
its growing efforts on fruit that can mature before the end of warm weather.

  • Cultivate carefully around vines until they cover the ground and smother out
    competing weeds.
  • Mulch around melon plants with straw or dry, chopped leaves to retain soil
    moisture, slow weed growth, and keep fruits off of the soil.
  • Support melons on a low tripod or A-frame trellis to keep them off the wet
    ground; use netting or a bag to support trellis- or fence-grown melons.
  • Pinch back flowers to permit just 4 fruits to form on each vine. Fewer melons on
    a plant will be larger, sweeter, and come to harvest quicker.
  • You can also pinch away some flowers so that a newly pollinated flower begins
    growing a new fruit every two weeks. This can stagger the harvest of fruit from
    one plant.
  • For melons sprawling across the ground, place a shingle, tile, half milk jug, or
    clay pot under each melon to keep it dry and prevent rot. These items will also
    soak up solar heat and keep the fruit warm at night.
  • Avoid pruning leaves off of plants until just before harvest. Leaves help produce
    the sugars melons need for sweetness. Pull back leaves that cover fruits to give
    fruits maximum sun exposure.
  • Remove all new blossoms that appear within 50 days of the first frost in autumn.
    This will allow the plant to ripen fruit already on the vine before the first
    frost.

Melon pollination

  • Melons produce male and female flowers on the same plant.
  • Male flowers appear a week before female flowers. Female flowers have a small
    bulge (an unfertilized fruit) near the stem end of the blossom.
  • Bees or other pollinators must carry pollen from male to female flowers for
    pollination, flowering, and fruit set to occur.

Melon pests

  • Aphids and spotted and striped cucumber beetles will attack melons.
  • Hose away aphids with a blast of water or pinch out infested foliage.
  • Handpick and destroy cucumber beetles promptly; they can transmit cucumber
    bacterial wilt to melons. You can also dust or spray adult beetles with rotenone
    or a pyrethrum-based insecticide.

More tips: Melon Growing Problems: Troubleshooting.

Melon diseases

  • Melons are susceptible to wilt, Alternaria leaf spot, stem blight, powdery and
    downy mildew, and root rot.
  • Plant disease-resistant varieties.
  • Keep the garden clean and free of weeds and plant debris that can harbor pests
    and diseases.
  • Remove and destroy disease-infected plants immediately.
  • Bacterial wilt is spread by cucumber beetles.
  • Bacterial wilt and stem blight will cause melons to suddenly wilt and die.
  • Control cucumber beetles as soon as they appear.
  • Powdery mildew and downy mildew are fungal diseases that will cause melon leaves
    to turn gray-white late in the season. Protect leaves against fungal disease by
    spraying with compost tea or a solution of 1 part skim milk to 9 parts water.
  • Select disease-resistant varieties.
  • Improve air circulation by spacing plants properly.

H
Smooth-skinned honeydew melons will turn from green to cream-colored as they ripen.

Harvesting melons

Melons are ready to harvest when they smell sweet and separate easily from the vine;
watermelons are ready to pick when the underside of the fruit turns creamy yellow and
the tendril at the stem end turns brown.

Muskmelons and cantaloupes that smell ripe are ripe. They should come away clean from
the vine with little pressure. Thump watermelons to determine if it is ready for
picking: a ripe watermelon will make a dull thump.

Cantaloupe, muskmelons, honeydews, and casaba melons require 70 to 140 days to reach
maturity depending upon the variety. Nighttime air temperatures should not dip below
65°F (18°C)  for the best growth and flavor.

Watermelons require 70 to 85 days from transplanting—which means about 110 days
overall from seeding to ripe fruit. Watermelons that require the shortest season
include Garden Baby (75 days) and Sugar Baby (80 days); these are among the smallest
watermelons weighing in the 7 to the 10-pound range at maturity.

Winter melons will be ready for harvest 110 days after sowing. When melons reach full
size and stems turn brown they are ready for harvest. Leave melons on the vine until
they are ripe. Ripe melons will slip easily off the stem; a half-ripe melon will
require more pressure and may come off with half the stem attached. Ripe melons will
have a sweet aroma at the stem end. Limit water for a week in advance of the harvest
to concentrate sweetness.

  • Cantaloupes will be ready for harvest 70 to 100 days after sowing.
  • Most melons on a single plant will come to harvest within a 3 to 4-week period.
  • Limit water for a week in advance of the harvest to concentrate fruit sweetness.
    Too much water will dilute the sugars in the fruit.
  • When muskmelons reach full-size rinds change from green to tan or yellow and
    stems turn brown they are ready for harvest. The skin under the netting will turn
    yellow-brown when the fruit is ripe and the netting will become more pronounced
  • Smooth-skinned honeydew melons will become cream-colored when ripe.
  • A ripe melon will develop a circular crack where the stem attaches to the fruit.
  • Ripe melons will have a sweet aroma at the stem end.
  • Ripe melons will slip easily off the stem; a half-ripe melon will require more
    pressure and may come off with half the stem attached.
  • Harvest melons when they are dry.
  • A ripe melon will soften after harvest but it will not continue to sweet off the
    vine.
  • Leave melons on the vine until they are ripe.

More tips: How to Harvest and Store Melons.

Storing and preserving melons

  • Melons will keep in the refrigerator for up to one week, but sweetness and flavor
    may diminish.
  • Melon slices or balls can be frozen or pickled.

w
Casaba, Honeydew, and Honey White melons

Melon varieties to grow

Muskmelons and cantaloupes are known as summer melons.

Casabas, Crenshaws, and honeydews are called winter melons because they come to
harvest later than most muskmelons and cantaloupes. Winter melons come to harvest at
the end of summer (not in winter).

Here are some flavorful best bet, easy-to-grow melons–both summer and winter melons
(added days to maturity)–divided into four categories: orange-fleshed melons;
green-fleshed melons; honeydew types; and others.

Orange-fleshed melons

  • Ambrosia. 86 days. Very sweet, juicy, and distinctive flavor. Uniform,
    medium-sized, nearly round fruit 6 inches in diameter, heavily netted, weighs 4½
    to 5. Salmon flesh, thick rind; seed cavity small with a tight mass of seeds.
    Prolific vines. Downy mildew and powdery mildew resistant. Hybrid.
  • Burpee Hybrid. 82 days. Sweet, flavorful, firm, and juicy, excellent quality.
    Round to slight oval fruit, 6 inches in diameter, heavily netted, distinctly
    ribbed, weighs 4 to 4½ pounds; deep-orange flesh, thick rind. High-yielding vine;
    produces well in northern regions. Popular with home gardeners. Hybrid.
  • Bush Star. 88 days. Big, sweet flavor fresh or frozen. Bush plant with fruit to 2
    pounds; salmon flesh. Very good yields in small gardens. All-American Selection;
    Fusarium wilt resistant. Hybrid.
  • Earlisweet. 68 days. Sweet flavor. Medium netted slightly ribbed fruit to 5½
    pounds; deep salmon flesh. Early variety; high yielding. Fusarium tolerant.
    Hybrid.
  • Gold Star. 86 days. Flavorful, fragrant. Oval fruit with deep netting weighs 3 to
    4 pounds. Hybrid.
  • Harper Hybrid. 86 days. Sweet, tangy flavor, rich aroma. Medium-size, round,
    finely netted fruit; honeydew-muskmelon parentage; firm, thick salmon flesh.
    Vigorous prolific grower. Hybrid.
  • Harvest Queen. 89-95 days. Shipping melon keeps 5 to 6 days, heavily netted,
    faintly ribbed, 6 inches in diameter, weight 3 to 4 pounds; firm, thick
    deep-orange flesh, small seed. Fusarium wilt resistant. Open-pollinated.
  • Iroquois. 87 days. Sweet flavor, fragrant. Oval to nearly round, grayish-green
    rind, netted with ribs, 6½ inches in diameter, weighs 4 to 6 pounds; deep orange,
    fine-textured flesh. Fusarium wilt resistant. Good in cooler regions. Heirloom.
    Open-pollinated.
  • Pulsar. 80 days. Sweet flavor. Medium-size round, heavily netted 5 to 5½ pounds;
    thick, firm orange flesh. Tolerant of powdery mildew and fusarium wilt. Good in
    cool regions. Hybrid.
  • Saticoy Hybrid. 80-90 days. Rich, sweet flavor. Oval, lightly netted fruit, about
    4 pounds; deep-orange flesh. Strong vines. Fusarium wilt, anthracnose, and
    powdery mildew resistant.
  • Superstar. 86 days. Great flavor, aromatic. Large, round fruit, 6 to 8 pounds,
    coarse netting; smooth, thick salmon-colored flesh. Good in eastern and Midwest
    gardens. Hybrid.

Green-fleshed melons

  • Galia. 65 days. Very sweet, and aromatic. Large, round fruit weighs 2 to 2½
    pounds, heavily netted; yellow rind, light green flesh, small seed cavity.
    Vigorous grower; grows well in frames or open garden. Powdery mildew resistant.
    Hybrid.
  • Jenny Lind. 75 days. Sweet, mild-flavored, juicy; lacks aroma. Small fruit,
    flattened at both ends with a small knob on the blossom end, 5 to 6 inches in
    diameter, weighs 1½ to 2 pounds; dull brownish-orange rind mottled with green;
    light green flesh. Introduced in 1846. Open-pollinated.
  • Passport. 73 days. Large, 6 to 7 inches in diameter; dark green skin; thick dark
    green flesh becomes whitish green in the center. Vigorous vines tolerate
    anthracnose and gummy stem blight. Hybrid
  • Rocky Sweet. 85 days. Sweet, and delicious with no musky flavor. Medium size
    round fruit weighs 3 to 4 pounds, moderately netted, with light sutures; dark
    green rind turning yellow then yellow-orange when ripe; thick lime-green flesh.
    Vigorous and prolific vines. Hybrid.

Honeydew-type melons

  • Honeydew. 95-115 days. Sweet, juicy. Broad oval fruit 7 to 8 inches, 7 inches in
    diameter, weighs about 6 pounds average; smooth ivory skin, no netting;
    light-green very sweet juicy flesh, small seed cavity, hard rind, prefers warm
    dry climates, good storage. Fusarium wilt resistant. Hybrid.
  • Early Dew. 80 days. Sweet, tender. Nearly round fruit 5 to 6 inches in diameter,
    weighs 2½ to 3 pounds; smooth green-gold rind at full maturity; lime-green flesh.
    Vigorous vine grows well in short-season regions. Excellent for home gardens.
    Fusarium wilt resistant. Hybrid,
  • Honey Brew. 90 days. Concentrated sweetness. Smooth, thick pale green skin;
    tender, green flesh. High yield; strong disease resistance. Hybrid.
  • Morning Dew. 96 days. Very sweet. Large, oblong fruit, weighs 10 to 12 pounds;
    thick, green flesh. Vigorous vine; Fusarium wilt, powdery mildew, and downy
    mildew resistant. Long season. Hybrid
  • Tam Dew. 95-100 days. Sweet, juicy. Medium-large, oval fruit 6 inches in
    diameter, weighs 5 to 6½ pounds; smooth, creamy white rind; thick light-green
    flesh, small seed cavity. Downy mildew and powdery mildew resistant.
    Open-pollinated.
  • Venus. 88 days. Juicy, sweet, aromatic. Medium-size oval fruit, 5½ inches in
    diameter; light golden-yellow, slightly netted rind; bright green flesh. Heavy
    yield. Hybrid.

Other melons varieties

  • Casaba Golden Beauty. 110 days. Spicy sweet flavor, aromatic. Oval to round fruit
    with golden-yellow wrinkled skin, 7 to 8 pounds; white flesh. Good to store.
    Grows well in hot regions. Open-pollinated.
  • Crenshaw. 90-115 days. Sweet distinctive flavor, juicy. Oval fruit slightly
    tapered toward the stem end, pear shape; 6 to 6½ inches in diameter, 8 to 10
    inches long, weighs 6 to 10 pounds; salmon-pink flesh. Requires a long, warm
    season. Vigorous productive plants. Open-pollinated.
  • Honeyshaw. 85 days. Sweet. Crenshaw hybrid, 7 to 10 inches elongated, yellow,
    corrugated skin; salmon-pink flesh. Early to mature. Hybrid.
  • Marygold. 88-92. Very sweet. Small Casaba type, bright yellow wrinkled skin,
    weighs 3½ pounds; green to white flesh. A good grower in warm, humid regions.
    Very good yield. Disease resistance. Hybrid.

Muskmelon (cantaloupe) varieties

A muskmelon is round with a yellow-tan netted rind. A muskmelon has salmon, white, or
green flesh and weighs 2 to 3 pounds (.9-1.3 kg). Muskmelons are very sweet to taste
and have aromatically perfumed flesh

A true cantaloupe is oval or globe-shaped with a hard, rough, scaled, or warted-rind
(not a netted skin). The flesh can be gray-green, yellow-tan and orange, or
salmon-orange. A true cantaloupe weighs about 2 pounds (.9 kg). It is sweet-tasting
and aromatic

The muskmelon or cantaloupe is a long-trailing annual plant.

  • Early Season: ‘Alaska’ (65-80 days); ‘Canada Gem’ (78 days); ‘Earligold’ (73
    days); ‘Early Hanover’ (80 days); ‘Magnum’ (80 days); ‘Primo’ (79 days); ‘Pronto’
    (80 days); ‘Pulsar’ (80 days); ‘Solid Gold’ (80 days); ‘Sweet Granite’ (80 days);
    ‘Sweet ‘N Early’ (75 days).
  • Midseason: ‘Ambrosia’ (86 days); ‘Delicious’ (83 days); ‘Edisto’ (88 days);
    ‘Four-Fifty’ (90 days); ‘Grande Gold’ (88 days); ‘Hale’s Best’ (86 days);
    ‘Imperial’ (90 days); ‘Pike’ (85 days); ‘Pulsar’ (86 days); ‘Roadside’ (90 days);
    ‘Super Market’ (90 days); ‘Superstar’ (86 days).
  • Late Season: ‘Edisto’ (95 days); ‘Hearts of Gold’ (95 days); ‘Iroquois’ (90
    days); ‘Kansas’ (90 days); ‘Saticoy’ (90 days); ‘Top Mark’ (90 days).
  • Large: ‘Old Time Tennessee’ (90 days).
  • Space Savers: ‘Bush Star’ (80 days); ‘Jenny Lind’ (75 days).

Winter melon varieties

Winter melons come in a variety of sizes, shapes, and colors. These melons are long
trailing annuals.

  • Casaba: round or ovoid with wrinkled, rough yellow-rind and greenish-whitish
    flesh weighing about 5 pounds (2.2 kg). Greenish tinge at the stem end.
    Smooth-textured, creamy flesh is juicy and subtly sweet, and less fragrant than
    other melons.
  • Charental: elongated, globe-shaped melon with smooth to slightly netted
    grey-green rind with slight ridges and a firm deep orange, sweet flesh.
  • Crenshaw: smooth yellow-green skin with pale green or salmon flesh weighing about
    6 pounds (2.7 kg). A hybrid cross between the casaba and cantaloupe. The flesh is
    extra sweet and juicy with a sweet spicy aroma. Softer than other melons.
  • Honeydew: more ovoid than round with smooth rind that changes from pale green to
    creamy yellow as it ripens weighing about 3 pounds (1.3 kg); green, white,
    orange, or pink-orange flesh.
  • Persian: large, oval-to-round, strongly netted, unridged rind with a musky
    orange-colored flesh; similar to a cantaloupe, but larger, weighing 7 to 8 pounds
    (3.1-3.6kg)..

About melons

  • Botanical name: Cucumis melo
  • Family: Cucurbitaceae — Cucurbits or gourd family
  • Origin: South Asia, tropical Africa

Melon articles at Harvest to Table:

How to Plant and Grow Melons

How to Plant and Grow Watermelon

Melons Seed Starting Tips

Watermelon Seed Starting Tips

How to Harvest and Store Melons

How to Harvest and Store Watermelon

Melons Growing Problems Troubleshooting

Tasty Ways to Serve Melons

Serve Watermelon With These Flavor Matches

Melon en Surprise Recipe

More how to grow articles:

Learn how to plant, grow, and harvest your favorite vegetables. Click below for all
you need to know.

  • Artichoke
  • Arugula
  • Asparagus
  • Beans, Snap
  • Beets
  • Broad Beans
  • Broccoli
  • Brussels Sprouts
  • Cabbage
  • Cantaloupe — Melons
  • Cardoon
  • Carrots
  • Cauliflower
  • Celeriac
  • Celery
  • Chard
  • Chayote Squash
  • Chickpeas
  • Chicory
  • Chinese Cabbage
  • Collards
  • Corn Salad
  • Corn, Sweet
  • Cresses
  • Cucumbers
  • Eggplant
  • Endive and Escarole
  • Fava Beans
  • Florence Fennel
  • Garbanzo Beans
  • Garlic
  • Horseradish
  • Jerusalem Artichoke
  • Kale
  • Kohlrabi
  • Leeks
  • Lettuce
  • Lima Beans
  • Melons
  • Mizuna
  • Mustard Greens
  • New Zealand Spinach
  • Okra
  • Onions
  • Parsnips
  • Peanuts
  • Peas
  • Peppers
  • Potatoes
  • Pumpkins
  • Radicchio
  • Radishes
  • Rhubarb
  • Rutabaga
  • Salsify
  • Shallots
  • Sorrel
  • Southern Peas
  • Soybeans
  • Spinach
  • Squash, Summer
  • Squash, Winter
  • Sunchokes
  • Sweet Potato
  • Swiss Chard
  • Taro
  • Tomatillo
  • Tomatoes
  • Turnips
  • Watermelon
  • Zucchini

         
         
         
         
         
[svg]    

Written by Stephen Albert

Stephen Albert is a horticulturist, master gardener, and certified nurseryman who has
taught at the University of California for more than 25 years. He holds graduate
degrees from the University of California and the University of Iowa. His books
include Vegetable Garden Grower’s Guide, Vegetable Garden Almanac & Planner, Tomato
Grower’s Answer Book, and Kitchen Garden Grower’s Guide. His Vegetable Garden
Grower’s Masterclass is available online. Harvesttotable.com has more than 10 million
visitors each year.

More From: Fruit Vegetables

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
  • Okra plant and flower1                   

    How to Plant and Grow Okra

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
  • Watermelons on tiles to ripen            

    How to Plant and Grow Watermelon

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
  • Squash plant leaves flower fruit1        

    How to Grow Summer and Winter Squash

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
  • Sweet bell peppers                       

    Sweet Bell Peppers: Planting, Care, Harvest Guide

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
  • Cucumber on vine 1                       

    Growing Cucumbers: Planting, Care, and Harvesting Tips

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
  • Tomatoes on vine                         

    Tomato Planting Guide: Growing, Harvesting, and Table Tips

How To Grow Tips
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-tomatoes]                     

How To Grow Tomatoes

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-peppers]                      

How To Grow Peppers

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-broccoli]                     

How To Grow Broccoli

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-carrots]                      

How To Grow Carrots

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-beans]                        

How To Grow Beans

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-corn]                         

How To Grow Corn

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-peas]                         

How To Grow Peas

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-lettuce]                      

How To Grow Lettuce

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-cucumbers]                    

How To Grow Cucumbers

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-zucchini]                     

How To Grow Zucchini and Summer Squash

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-onions]                       

How To Grow Onions

                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
[how-to-potatoes]                     

How To Grow Potatoes

                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
[book-banner-512x1024]                                   
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
[htt-masterclass-1]                  

Buyer’s Guides

  • Leaf Blowers
  • String Trimmers
  • Chainsaws
  • Rototillers
  • Wheelbarrows
  • More

Featured Posts

                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
garden crops     
Growing Season for Vegetables: From Planting to Harvest
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
USDA map         
First and Last Frost Dates and the Garden Growing Season
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
Seedlings started
Starting Vegetables Indoors: 15 Varieties for Success
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
Tomatillos in cer
Container Sizes for Growing Vegetables – Harvest to Table
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
vegetables in con
Calculating Soil Requirements for Different Container Sizes
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
Lettuce growing i
Grow Bags Gardening Tips for Abundant Harvests
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
Container garden 
Essential Balcony & Rooftop Garden Tips – Harvest to Table
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
Mango bigstock Tr

How to Plant and Grow Mango

                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
Cherimoya bigstoc

How to Plant, Grow, and Harvest Cherimoya

Vegetables

  • Sweet Bell Peppers: Planting, Care, Harvest Guide
  • Growing Cucumbers: Planting, Care, and Harvesting Tips
  • Complete Guide to Growing Vegetables in Containers
  • Tomato Planting Guide: Growing, Harvesting, and Table Tips
  • Plant, Grow, and Harvest Potatoes for Abundant Home Harvest
  • Snap Beans Planting, Growing, and Harvest Guide

Herbs

  • Basil Growing and Harvesting: Expert Tips and Techniques
  • Cilantro Planting, Growing, and Harvesting Guide
  • How to Plant, Grow, and Harvest Thyme
  • How to Plant, Grow, and Harvest Mint
  • Chives: Planting, Growing, Harvesting Tips and Techniques

Fruit

  • Growing Blueberries: A Home Gardener’s Guide
  • Growing Delicious Apples at Home: From Planting to Harvest
  • Growing Peaches and Nectarines: Planting to Harvest
  • Plant, Grow, and Prune a Pear Tree: Harvest to Plate
  • Plum Tree Planting, Care, and Pruning Guide for Success
  • Citrus Planting, Growing, Pruning Tips – Harvest to Table

Kitchen

  • Preparing and Serving Sweet Peppers — Harvest to Table
  • Creative Eggplant Cooking Ideas – Harvest to Table
  • Creative Cauliflower Recipe Ideas for Your Kitchen Table
  • Garlic Cooking and Serving Ideas for Your Harvest Table
  • Watermelon Flavor Pairings to Complement Your Harvest Table

Buying Guides

  • Lawn Mowers
  • Wheelbarrow Buyer’s Guide — Best-Rated Wheelbarrows
  • Leaf Blower Buyer’s Guide — Best-Rated Leaf Blowers
  • Rototiller Buyer’s Guide– Best-Rated Tillers
  • Lawn Mower Buyer’s Guide — Best-Rated Mowers
  • Hedge Trimmer Buyer’s Guide — Best Rated
  • Chipper Shredder Buyer’s Guide — Best Rated

About

  • Podcast
  • Vegetable Garden Grower’s Masterclass
  • About Harvest to Table
  • Visit Garden Chronicle

Social Media

  • Facebook
  • Instagram

© 2016-2024 · Harvest To Table

  • Privacy Policy

Back to Top
Close

  • Edible Plants
      □ Vegetables
      □ Herbs
      □ Fruit
      □ Harvest
      □ Edible Garden Planning
      □ Seed Starting and Propagation
      □ Planting and Planting Beds
      □ Season Extension
      □ Crop Problems
  • Ornamental Plants
      □ Ornamental Garden Design
      □ Houseplants
      □ Annual Flowers
      □ Perennial Flowers
      □ Bulb Flowers
      □ Harvest to Table Groundcovers Guide
      □ Ornamental Grasses
      □ Vines
      □ Growing Shrubs: A Gardener’s Guide from Harvest to Table
      □ Trees
      □ Succulents
      □ Cactus
      □ Ferns
      □ Roses
      □ Lawn
  • Garden Basics
      □ Container Gardening
      □ Soil and Amendments
      □ Plant Propagation Guides
      □ Beneficial Insects for Your Garden
      □ Garden Pests
      □ Plant Diseases
      □ Weeds
      □ Planting and Planting Beds
      □ Podcast Topics Index
  • Kitchen/Recipes
      □ Bakery
      □ Breakfast and Brunch
      □ Casseroles
      □ Desserts
      □ Main Courses
      □ Salads
      □ Sandwiches
      □ Side Dishes
      □ Soups and Stews
  • Course
      □ My Account
      □ Contact
  • Videos
      □ Podcast
  • Index

Search for: [                    ] Search
  •  
  •  
  • 

Get the best gardening tips straight into your inbox!

First Name [                    ]

Email Address: [                    ]

[Sign up]

Leave this field empty if you're human: [                    ]

Don't worry, we don't spam

