Menu

MorningChores

Search

  • Homestead
  • Gardening
      □ How to Start a Garden
      □ Planting Zone Map
      □ First & Last Frost Dates
      □ Planting Calendar
      □ Garden Size Calculator
      □ Plant Growing Guides
      □ Fertilizer Calculator
      □ C/N Compost Calculator
      □ Gardening Basics
  • Animals
      □ Chickens
      □ Beekeeping
      □ Goats
  • DIY
  • More
      □ Frugal Living
      □ Food & Drinks
      □ Home Decor
      □ Survival & Prepping
      □ Handmade

    
[                    ][]
[                    ][]
   

  • Gardening
      □ Planting Zone Map
      □ Frost Dates
      □ Planting Calendar
      □ Plant Growing Guides
  • Homestead
  • Money
  • Home Ideas
  • DIY
  • Raising Chickens
  • Food & Drinks
  • Products
  • Become a Writer at Morning Chores
  • About Us

    

Upland Rice: Varieties, Growing Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

By Ame Vanorio
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                       
[35532c182723][svg]         Ame Vanorio

Ame lives off-the-grid on her beautiful farm in Falmouth, Kentucky. She has been
gardening organically for over 30 years and has grown vegetables, fruits, herbs,
flowers, and ornamentals. She also participates in Farmers Markets, CSA, and mentors
young farmers. Ame is the founder and director of Fox Run Environmental Education
Center where she teaches environmental education programs in self-sufficiency, herbal
medicine, green building, and wildlife conservation.

Print
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
[Growing-Rice-Planting-Guide-Care-Problems-and-Harvest-FB]                                                                            
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
[svg]                                                                                                                                 

When you think of rice you probably think of Japan or China, and iconic pictures of
people wading in rice paddies to harvest the grains. This is one way of growing rice.
Another way is in your backyard garden.

There are two types of rice – upland and lowland. Lowland rice is the type that grows
in patties or flooded areas. Upland rice is adapted to drier conditions and grows in
drier soil.

A tropical crop, rice likes warm-weather and a long growing season. However, it grows
as far north as Maine if you start it indoors to give it a jump on the growing
season.

                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
[Growing-Rice-Planting-Guide-Care-Problems-and-Harv]
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
[svg]                                               

Rice Anatomy

                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[rice-plant-800x533]                                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[svg]                                                                                    

The anatomy of rice has some different terms than your typical garden plant, so I’ll
start off with a few terms you need to know to understand the rice plant.

Rice seedlings start and grow like many other plants. However, at the end of the
seedling stage, a new stage called tillering starts. This stage starts at about 18
days after sowing and lasts until about 45 days.

Tillers are basically the stems of the grass plants. One seed can produce several
stems or tillers. This is important because each tiller can then produce grains.

The next stage is when the panicle forms. The panicle is the multi-spiked branches
that form and where the rice seed will eventually develop at the end of the tillers.

As the plant grows, the stiff tillers are surrounded by the flag leaves, which gather
nutrients and sun to feed the developing grains.

As the rice matures, it develops a hull, or husk, that protects the edible interior.

Best Varieties of Rice

Rice is in the large family of grasses called Poaceae and is related to other
important food crops like wheat, barley, and maize. It’s also related to bamboo and
the grass you mow in your yard.

In addition to rice that grows in paddies or garden beds, there are several different
types of rice, including long, medium or short grain. You may have noticed these
labels on bags of rice at the grocery store.

Types of Rice

Long-grain rice is long and slender and remains light and fluffy when cooked. It’s
also a little drier than the other types. This type works well with chicken dishes,
and in soups and curries.

Medium-grain rice is short and fat and tends to cook up moist and slightly sticky. It
has a creamy consistency and is best for puddings and stuffed peppers.

Short-grain is round and becomes soft and sticky when cooked. It has a sweet flavor
and is popular in sushi.

Akamuro Rice

This heirloom variety was developed in Japan to meet their cool, dry growing
conditions. It’s a small red rice variety that smells particularly good.

The hulls turn a burnt orange color at maturity. It’s cold-weather hardy and can be
planted north up to zone 4b. This plant needs 105 days from transplant to mature.

Blue Bonnet

This heirloom that was originally grown by the Mayan people and collected by
Mennonite missionaries. It’s a long-grain variety of rice with a mild flavor and dry
texture.

Duborskian

This upland variety is well suited for the family garden or small patches for grain
production. Produces sturdy plants upright plants that grow about two feet tall.

Duborskian produces 12 to 18 tillers per plant. Each tiller will bear a rice panicle,
and you can get up to 100 grains of rice per panicle.

This type is good for northern areas and can withstand a light frost. It takes 115
days to mature from transplanting.

Hayayuki

This tall variety gets three feet and is known for its wonderful flavor. The hulls
fill out well and are easy to harvest. Hayayuki’s fast to mature but needs consistent
moisture. It matures 105 days from transplant.

Titanio Rose

This open-pollinated variety was developed in Italy for drier higher elevations.
Great flavor. It’s a short brown gran that is often used in risotto due to its creamy
texture. This type produces dense heads.

Planting Rice

Rice has a long growing season and needs warm weather to germinate. It’s best started
in flats and then transplanted, especially if you live in zone 6 or higher.

In the United States, farmers are growing rice commercially in the southern states,
where the weather is warm and wet.

Starting Seeds

Start rice indoors at about the same time you would tomatoes – around six weeks
before the last frost in your area. Soak the seeds in water for 36 hours and then dry
for 24 hours before planting. Start under lights or on a sunny windowsill.

Upland rice, also known as dryland rice, needs warm temperatures to germinate. Use a
heat mat to keep rice seeds warm. Seeds germinate in about one week.

Transplant at the same time you would your tomatoes and peppers – after the last
frost in your area and after the soil has warmed to at least 55°F.

You can direct seed rice in regions that have 5 months of frost-free days. Plant
after all risk of frost has passed.

Transplanting

Your rice plants should be between five and seven inches tall before you transplant
them outdoors. Harden seedlings off for about a week by gradually moving them into a
sunny spot outdoors. Each day, plants should get an additional hour of sun, so on the
first day, give them one hour, the second day two hours, etc.

Soak the planting area thoroughly before putting the plants in the ground. You want a
muddy consistency when you plant out to help the roots get established.

Soil and Sun Requirments

Rice needs rich soil, so add plenty of well-rotted compost to the soil before
planting. The plants also need full sun.

Spacing and Planting Techniques

Plant seedlings six inches apart in both directions if you’re using raised beds. In a
row garden, place plants three inches apart with two feet between the rows.

Upland varieties of rice are pollinated by the wind, much like corn, so needs they
need plenty of good air circulation.

Another way to plant rice is by using permaculture techniques of a trough and a
swale. Plant the rice in the berm and a drier crop such as barley on the hill.

Caring for Rice

                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[upland-rice-800x534]                                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[svg]                                                                                    

Water Needs

While upland varieties don’t need a flooded area, they do still like to be kept
moist. An inch to an inch and a half of water is needed weekly. Drip irrigation works
well if you have a large planting.

Fertilizer

Rice is a heavy feeder. Fertilize every other week following the manufacturer’s
recommendations to keep rice growing. Use a good organic foliar spray such as
Maxicrop or Alaska Fish solution.

Mulch

Mulch plants with two inches of covering to help conserve moisture in the soil.
Organic mulches such as straw or composted leaves work best.

Problems and Solutions to Growing Rice

Surprisingly, rice is a fairly low maintenance crop. After all, it’s a grass – and we
all know how well grass can grow when it has the right conditions.

Weeds

The biggest issue with growing rice is that it has a low tolerance for competition.
Keep your rice crop weed-free to get the best production.

Birds

Birds can be a problem when the rice begins to ripen. Cover your beds with netting to
keep them from stealing your rice.

Harvesting and Storing

Typically, it takes between 90 and 120 days after transplanting until harvest. Rice
typically heads the first week of August and finishes by late September, depending on
which variety you planted.

You can expect to average ten pounds of rice per 100 square feet in a home garden.

Rice has a tight hull and the interior must be separated so that you can eat it.
Typically in commercial operations, this is done with a thresher. You can do this at
home by rolling or using abrasion.

This video shows the process in action:

Steps to Harvesting Rice

 1. You know the rice is ready when the plant has turned golden brown and the seeds
    feel hard.
 2. Cut the rice plants off at the stem just above the soil level.
 3. Gather the plants in bundles and hang them in a shady area with good air
    circulation.
 4. After about three weeks, you can remove the seeds. You can save the stem to use
    as a straw. It can be used as animal bedding or mulch.
 5. Thresh the seeds by putting the grains on a wooden surface and pounding them
    using a wooden mallet. You can also roll them with a rolling pin. The objective
    is to remove the hard outer layer and free up the rice grain.
 6. Use a fan or hair dryer to blow away the hulls. You can also transfer from one
    basket to another and let the wind take the chaff and leave you with the heavier
    seeds.
 7. Store your rice in glass jars in a cool shady location such as a pantry or root
    cellar.

If you plan on growing a larger amount of rice, you can also purchase a small
commercial rice dehuller or even make one.

Recipes and Advice for Cooking Rice

                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[cooked-rice-800x533]                                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
[svg]                                                                                    

Remember that white rice in the store has been processed. This makes it cook faster.
Your homegrown rice is more natural and takes longer to cook – much like brown rice.

Follow these guidelines from Cooking Light to cook your rice properly.

Find the Right Ratio

It’s important to have the exact rice to water ratio. Here’s the secret to cooking
perfect rice:

  • To cook one cup of rice, a two-quart, medium-sized saucepan works well.
  • On medium heat, add vegetable oil to the bottom of the pan to cover the surface.
    Add rice and stir for a couple of minutes.
  • Add 2 1/2 half cups liquid and a pinch of salt, or 2 1/2 cups broth into the pan.
  • Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to a simmer. You want to simmer the rice
    because boiling it causes it to clump.
  • Cook for 45 minutes.
  • Don’t lift the lid as the rice cooks, because it interferes with the cooking
    process.
  • Let the rice cool for several minutes with the lid on. This gives it a firmer
    texture and it will mix in better with other ingredients.
  • Fluff rice with a fork, mix in any spices, meats or vegetables and serve.

You Need to Try Fresh Rice

Like many homegrown crops, rice tastes much better fresh. Don’t be intimidated by its
reputation. You’ll enjoy growing it, and trust me, there’s nothing more fulfilling
than cooking your home-grown rice.

Was this article helpful?

Yes No
×

What went wrong?

This article contains incorrect information

This article does not have the information I am looking for

×

How can we improve it?

                                          [                    ]
                                          [                    ]
                                          [                    ]
Please tell us what was incorrect:missing:[                    ]
Your Name: [                    ]
Your Email: [                    ]
[Done]
×

We appreciate your helpful feedback!

Your answer will be used to improve our content. The more feedback you give us, the
better our pages can be.

Follow us on social media:

Facebook Pinterest
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[salal-flowers-352x235]                [svg]                                  

Growing Salal For Food and Beauty in Your Home Garden

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[growing-quince-352x235]               [svg]                                  

How to Plant and Grow Quince Fruit Trees

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Savory-The-Complete-Guide-to-][svg]                                  

Growing Savory: The Complete Guide to Plant, Grow and Harvest Savory

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Comfrey-The-Complete-Guide-to][svg]                                  

Growing Comfrey: The Complete Guide to Plant, Care, and Harvest Comfrey

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Peppergrass-in-Your-Garden-35][svg]                                  

Growing Peppergrass in Your Garden: Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[growing-romanesco-352x235]            [svg]                                  

Growing Romanesco: How to Plant and Care For Romanesco

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[bowl-of-jostaberries-352x235]         [svg]                                  

Growing Jostaberries: A Complete Guide to Planting and Raising The Delicious Hybrid

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Wasabi-Best-Varieties-Plantin][svg]                                  

Growing Wasabi: Best Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Apples-The-Complete-Guide-to-][svg]                                  

Growing Apple Trees: The Complete Guide to Plant, Grow, & Harvest Apples

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Beginners-Guide-to-Growing-Peanuts-35][svg]                                  

Growing Peanuts: Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Thyme-A-Complete-Guide-on-How][svg]                                  

Growing Thyme: Varieties, How to Plant, Care, Problems, and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[herb-fennel-352x235]                  [svg]                                  

Growing Herb Fennel: The Complete Guide to Plant, Care, and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Pumpkins-Your-Guide-to-Plant-][svg]                                  

Growing Pumpkins: Best Varieties, Planting, Troubleshooting, and Harvesting

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Betony-Planting-Guide-Care-Pr][svg]                                  

Betony Plant: Growing Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[growing-marigolds-352x235]            [svg]                                  

How to Grow Marigolds in Your Garden for Food and Pest Control

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Wasabi-Best-Varieties-Plantin][svg]                                  

Growing Wasabi: Best Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[growing-begonias-352x235]             [svg]                                  

Begonia: Best Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Chervil-Plant-352x235]                [svg]                                  

Growing Chervil: Varieties, Planting Guide, Caring, and Harvesting This Classic Herb

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[growing-sea-beans-352x235]            [svg]                                  

Growing Sea Beans: How to Grow, Plant, and Care for Glasswort

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Yarrow-Best-Varieties-Growing-Guide-C][svg]                                  

Yarrow: Best Varieties, Growing Guide, Care, Problems, and Harvest

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[shutterstock_2013936962-352x235]      [svg]                                  

Globe Amaranth: Growing and Caring for Gomphrena Plants

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
[Growing-Lemon-Balm-Varieties-Planting][svg]                                  

Growing Lemon Balm: Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, Problems, and Harvest

  • About Morning Chores
  • Jobs
      □ Become a Writer
      □ Short-Form Video Creator
  • Contact Us

© 2024 MorningChores. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy · Terms of Use ·
Disclosure

