Skip to content

Grab a copy of our FREE GARDEN PLANS

  • About Us
  • Printables

    
Gardening
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
Geeky Greenhouse                                                                                                           

  • Gardening
  • Vegetables
  • Herbs
  • Houseplants

Search for: [                    ] [Search]
       FREE GARDEN PLANS! << Get your copy!

                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           
Geeky Greenhouse                                                                                                           
Home / Fruits / Strawberry Plant Stages – From Seed To Harvest (w/Pictures)

Strawberry Plant Stages – From Seed To Harvest (w/Pictures)

Fruits
                                                                                 
                                                                                 
                                                                                 
[2cba]Written byGeeky Greenhouse April 6, 2023June 4, 2024 Last updated onJune 4,
2024

  •  
  •  
  • 

If you’re new to growing your own strawberries, you may wonder what to expect from
your plants. In this article, you’ll learn all of the strawberry plant stages, from
seed, to flowering, to fruiting, and beyond.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Strawberry plant stages                                                                                        

Skip ahead:

  • Stage 1: Seedling
  • Stage 2: Vegetative growth
  • Stage 3: Flowering
  • Stage 4: Fruiting & runners
  • Stage 5: Dormancy

While these are the main stages of strawberry plant growth, the timing for each stage
can change based on climate and weather. As a result, the number of weeks noted for
each stage may vary.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

1. Seedling Stage (0-8 weeks)

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Strawberry seed sprout                                                                                         

Tiny strawberry seedling.

Though it is less common among home gardeners, strawberries can be started from seed
indoors. This requires very early planting (about 8-10 weeks before the last frost),
as strawberry seeds can take 2 or more weeks just to germinate!

Once a strawberry seed sprouts, it grows very slowly, starting as a tiny seedling.
These miniature plants can be difficult to maintain, as too much or too little water
can easily spell disaster.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Strawberry seedling transplanted                                                                               

Strawberry seedling (about 6 weeks old).

After 2-3 weeks of growth, a strawberry plant will begin forming its first set of
true leaves. These tiny tulip-shaped leaves are a sign that the plant is healthy and
on its way to the next stage of growth.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

2. Vegetative Stage (8-12 weeks)

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Strawberry plants in field                                                                                     

Strawberry plant in the vegetative stage of growth.

Once a strawberry plant has grown for 6-8 weeks, it begins the vegetative stage.
During this time, the plant’s goal is to grow lots of healthy, green foliage. Think
of this as the plant’s “bulking up” stage in preparation for setting fruits.

During the vegetative stage, it is important to provide strawberry plants with mulch
to prevent any unwanted competition in the garden. Also, avoid over-fertilizing, as
too much nitrogen in the soil may lead to lower overall yields.

If you’ve grown from seed, you will be transplanting your strawberries from indoors
to outside. Be sure to harden off your plants properly to avoid sun scald and
unnecessary stress on the young plants. It is normal to see some stunted growth
during the first 1-2 weeks outside.

If you see any early runners, it is best to prune these off to encourage new plants
to establish their own roots, first. Later in the season, you can allow a few runners
per plant to set their roots and grow, filling in any open garden space.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

3. Flowering Stage (12-14 weeks)

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
Strawberry flower clusters                                                                                        

Strawberry flowers forming on plants in early spring.

After your strawberry plants have established themselves with lots of foliage, they
should begin to set flowers. Each flower has the potential to become a strawberry, so
the more the merrier!

Tip: It is common practice to remove flowers in the first year of a strawberry
plant’s life. This redirects energy to the roots and foliage so that the plants can
become more established and hardy for the long term. The result is larger harvests in
subsequent growing seasons.

If you do remove any strawberry flowers, they are edible! Throw them in salads or in
some herbal tea to add subtle strawberry flavors. No need to let your strawberry
flowers go to waste.

Depending on the variety of strawberry plant, flowers may come all at once, or
regularly throughout the growing season. However, all strawberry plants will produce
their first flowers in spring.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

4. Fruiting Stage (14-16+ weeks)

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
Unripe strawberry cluster on plant                                                                                

Strawberry cluster with almost-ripe berries.

After setting flowers, bees and other pollinators will come to help pollinate each
flower. Every flower that is successfully fertilized will begin forming a fruit.

Most strawberries will begin as a small fruit with a pale-white color. The berry will
then swell in size over the course of 1-2 weeks, and eventually turn red when fully
ripe. The best time to pick a strawberry is when it is fully red (and sometimes 1-2
additional days for the most concentrated flavor).

June bearing vs day-neutral strawberries

There are 2 main categories of strawberry types that you can grow. They mainly differ
in how often they set fruit, and at what time of the year you can expect harvests.

  • June bearing. June bearing strawberries will set their fruit all at once, usually
    in the month of June (though this varies by climate). After this one, large
    harvest, the plant will not produce fruit again until the next year. June bearing
    strawberries are best if you plan to preserve large amounts of berries.
  • Day-neutral (or everbearing). Day-neutral or everbearing strawberries will set
    fruits continuously from spring through until the beginning of winter. Fruits
    ripen at random, meaning that each harvest will be smaller, but there will be
    more of them. Day-neutral is my personal preference for our garden.

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
Strawberry laying on soil                                                                                         

Ripe strawberry ready for harvest.

Strawberry runners

After harvesting, you are likely to see runners extending out from your main
strawberry plants. These long shoots are essentially clones of the main plant.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Strawberry plant with runners re-rooting in soil                                                               

Strawberry runners are essentially clones of the mother plant.

This is the most common reproductive method for strawberries, as it helps the plants
colonize a larger area. We recommend pruning some (but not all) of your strawberry
runners to optimize the spacing of your strawberry patch.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

5. Dormancy Stage

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Strawberry plant coming back in spring                                                                         

Strawberry plant breaking dormancy in early spring.

Since strawberries are perennial (meaning they grow back each year), they will go
dormant for winter. This process starts around the first fall frost when all of the
foliage will die back.

Energy is sent down into the plants roots where it is stored until the weather warms
back up. Most strawberries require a certain number of chill hours (time spent in
sub-45°F temperatures) each year for optimal productivity.

Note: It is best to allow your strawberries to die back naturally (avoid cutting any
foliage manually). After it is fully dead, you can remove the dead leaves to tidy up
the garden and prepare for spring.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

I hope this article helped you learn about the main strawberry plant stages. It helps
to see a full picture of any plant’s natural life cycle before growing it yourself.
If you have any questions, I’d be happy to answer them in the comments below!

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Healthy strawberry seedlings growing indoors                                                                   

         
         
         
         
         
[2cba1ae]
Geeky Greenhouse

Geeky Greenhouse was created by Calvin and Crystalyn (creators of Pepper Geek). With
a combined 15+ years of gardening experience, our aim is to help beginner gardeners
thrive in their first growing season!

   

One Comment

                                
                                
                                
 1. [51c54] Carol Harrison says:
    June 8, 2023 at 5:01 pm

    I grew some strawberry s from a stawberry last year.They are in pots outside this
    year lots of leaves and runners but no flowers yet .

    Reply

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ] Comment *

[                              ]Name *

[                              ]Email *

[                              ]Website

[ ] Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

[Post Comment] 

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
About Geeky Greenhouse                                                                                            

Welcome!

We believe gardening should be fun and rewarding. With over a decade of experience
growing a wide variety of plants, our goal here at Geeky Greenhouse is to help others
learn how to garden successfully.

About Us
Search
[                    ]
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Disclaimer: As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. Geeky
Greenhouse takes part in various affiliate programs. This means that purchases
through our links may result in a commission for us.

Other Reader Favs

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Seed starting shelf                                                                                            

How To Build A Simple Seed Starting Shelf

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
Attaching and securing a plant to a moss pole with pins                                                           

How To Attach Plants To A Moss Pole (The Easy Way!)

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
Ripe strawberries after picking                                                                                   

When To Pick Strawberries – Perfect Time To Harvest

                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                  
Uprooting pepper plant                                                                                            

How To Put Your Garden To Bed For Winter – 7 Simple Steps

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

  • Privacy Policy
  • Contact

    

© 2024 Geeky Greenhouse

  • Gardening
  • Vegetables
  • Houseplants
  • Flowers
  • Herbs
  • Plant Problems
  • Fruits

Search for: [                    ] [Search]
