  • Skip to main content
  • Skip to primary sidebar

The Art of Doing Stuff
 
                      
                      
                      
                      
go to homepage        

  • HOUSE
  • COOKING
  • GARDEN
  • HOW-TO
  • EXTRA
  • Subscribe

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

 
                      
                      
                      
                      
Homepage link         
Search[                    ][Search]
  • HOUSE
  • COOKING
  • GARDEN
  • HOW-TO
  • EXTRA
  • Subscribe

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

×
Home » Vegetable Gardening

How to Grow & Harvest Wheat on a Small Scale.

August 8, 2023 by Karen 94 Comments

5955 shares

  • Share
  • Tweet
  • Pin

Pin6K
Share
Email
6K Shares
SKIP TO HOW-TO

No seriously, you can grow wheat in your average sized garden.    Just a 4' x 4' plot
is enough to give you wheat cred. I know this because I grow wheat in my community
garden. Sad you didn't plant any? Don't worry. You have 2 times to plant wheat every
year. Once in the early spring, and once in late summer/fall.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
[wheat]                                                                        

I've grown wheat, I loved growing wheat and now I'm going to show you how to grow
wheat because I can't teach you how to grow your own toilet paper.

I am currently on the last steps of my wheat harvest this year which is the
"threshing" step. I cut my fall planted wheat last week (end of July) and it's
currently sitting in a burlap bag on my front porch waiting to be threshed.

Wheat.  You picture it blowing in the wind on acres of rolling land, a white speck of
a farmhouse sits off in the distance with the music of John Denver floating on the
breeze.  Sure, that's one way to grow wheat but what do the rest of us do?  What
about those of us who don't have gravel driveways and relatives named Remington or
Jeb? What do WE do?

We plant it just like we plant anything else; anywhere we can. 

I've been doing it for a few years now and it's consistently a lot of work, but also
consistently successful.

Table of Contents

  • Growing Wheat
  • How to Grow It
  •  
  • How Long Does It Take To Grow?
  • What are Wheat Tillers?
  • How to Plant and Harvest Wheat
  • How to Thresh Wheat

Growing Wheat

(on a super-small scale like in your front or backyard.)

If the thought of growing your own wheat intimidates you, or you don't think you have
anywhere to put it, think of it as an ornamental grass. 

Wheat grows to be 3-4 feet tall. 

It isn't overly huge, is beautiful, AND you can harvest it and turn it into flour in
the fall or - use it for fall decoration like making your own wheat wreath. 

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A paper bag of Red Fife Wheat berries from 1847 Stone Milling sits in an ironst

To plant it all you need are wheat berries. Wheat berries = wheat seeds. 

I made the mistake of buying a very small packet of wheat seed from a seed supplier
for $3.  I got about 15 seeds which is plenty to make enough flour for a birthday
cake if the birthday cake is for a rather underweight mouse.

You can buy a whole big bag of wheat berries meant for cooking or grinding into flour
and use these for seed. That's what I eventually did. I got mine from 1847, a local
source for flour and wheat berries. I recommend you try to find a local source as
well, because that means you're getting wheat that's meant to be grown in your area. 

How to Grow It

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wheat berries fill a clay bowl with some spilled over onto a marble countertop.
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wheat berries fill a clay bowl with some spilled over onto a marble countertop.

Wheat falls into 2 categories, spring wheat or winter wheat. 

Winter wheat is planted in the fall for a summer harvest, Spring wheat is planted in
the spring for a fall harvest.  Spring wheat can be planted "as soon as the ground
can be worked", which really doesn't mean anything to me even after decades of
vegetable gardening. So to me, "when the ground can be worked" generally means when I
can go out and garden without swearing about how awful it is outside.  So mid to late
spring.

 

How Long Does It Take To Grow?

Wheat likes to germinate in cooler soil. That means it will be happy germinating in
soil that's 10C (50F).  If you're late planting, don't get too worked up. It will
germinate if the soil is warmer too.

Under normal spring conditions (10C or so) wheat will sprout in about 7 days. By 2-3
weeks it'll be big enough to impress the cast of Hee Haw. 

Wheat planted in the spring will be ready to harvest after about 4 months from
planting.

If it's planted in the fall it will be ready to harvest about 8 months after planting
(because so much of its time is spent dormant in the winter).

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wheat sprouts after 2 weeks at about 9 inches tall.                            
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wheat sprouts after 2 weeks at about 9 inches tall.                            

Wheat at 2 weeks looks like long grass.

Wheat can be planted with  25 and 32 wheat seeds per square foot.

I planted an area that was around 2' x 15' which got me almost 2 cups of wheat
berries, or almost a pound.

1 pound of wheat berries = 1 pound of unsifted flour

1 pound of flour = 3.5 cups.

The graphic below shows what I was HOPING to get, and what can be achieved.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Graphic showing that 30 square feet, with 30 plants per square foot will produc
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Graphic showing that 30 square feet, with 30 plants per square foot will produc

My haul was half of what I was hoping for and predicting. However it is possible to
produce 3 lbs of wheat in a 30 square foot area if you can get your wheat to produce
tillers.

What are Wheat Tillers?

Wheat grows like a grass with one main stem. At the top of this stem is where the
fluffy thing you recognize as wheat will grow.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A fully dried wheat head at the end of summer.                                 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A fully dried wheat head at the end of summer.                                 

If it's grown in the right conditions, wheat will "tiller" which means more stems
will develop off of the main wheat shoot.  More stems means more wheat.

Each spring planted wheat berry has the potential to grow the main shoot, plus that
main shoot can develop 3 tillers. (winter wheat can grow up to 7 tillers)

The more tillers you have, the more wheat growing at the tips of your plant you'll
get. 

So without any tillering wheat will produce one head of wheat. With tillering it can
produce 3 times as much.

HOW TO IMPROVE TILLERING?

Tillers in spring sown wheat form 2-3 weeks after germination. Any conditions that
the wheat is pissed at during this time will stop tillering. To keep your wheat
happy:

  • Prior to planting make sure you amend your soil with fertilizer or compost.
  • Make sure your soil is friable (not compacted like cement).
  • Don't plant your seeds too deep.
  • Don't stress the plants by letting them dry out.
  • Plant at least 25 seeds per square foot.
  • Tillering can also be reduced if the weather is too warm.

I thought I did these things last year but ... maybe not.  I'll pay more attention
this year especially during the critical first two weeks after germination. 

But I DID grow enough wheat in my 2' x 15' plot to make bread, pizza dough and buns
all winter by grinding it into flour in my Vitamix. I'm not sure if I'm ready to 
graduate to one of these beautiful wood flour mills.

O.K., now that I've got you all worked up over the thought of basically growing your
own buns, how do you plant wheat and harvest it?  

How to Plant and Harvest Wheat


 

(even if you only have a pathetically tiny space)

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A wheat berry, about the size of a grain of rice, held in the palm of a woman's
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A wheat berry, about the size of a grain of rice, held in the palm of a woman's

 1. It all starts with the wheat berry. In spring plant between 25 - 30 seeds per
    square foot into well amended (fertilized) moist, loose soil.  Water the soil
    before planting if you have to to guarantee germination. Plant wheat seeds at a
    depth of 1".

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Small scale home grown wheat that has turned dry and golden with heads that are
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Small scale home grown wheat that has turned dry and golden with heads that are

2. Watch for germination in the first week. Once it has sprouted KEEP THE WHEAT
STRESS FREE by keeping the area weeded and watered  (which is hard to do because
weedy grasses look very much like growing wheat.)

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Dried wheat grown in a small area ready to harvest.                            
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Dried wheat grown in a small area ready to harvest.                            

3. After a couple of months the wheat will grow and tiller and produce wheat heads.
Once this happens the plants will slowly start to dry out.

4. To test whether your wheat is ready to harvest pull a few grains out of the wheat
head and pop them in your mouth. Ready to harvest wheat berries should be hard, not
chewy. If they're chewy, they aren't ready to harvest yet.  The majority of the plant
will be dried, the tops completely golden with no green and the heads will be bending
down slightly, not standing straight up.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wheat sheaf from home grown wheat ready to thresh.                             
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wheat sheaf from home grown wheat ready to thresh.                             

5. Cut your wheat when it's ready and further dry it by hanging it upside down
somewhere with air circulation where it's protected from rain. This ensures all the
wheat is completely dry if you had to harvest when some heads still had a tinge of
green.   I hang my wheat on my front porch under the vintage looking onion drying
rack I made. Let it further dry until no trace of green remains on the heads.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Home grown wheat made into sheaves, left drying in a protected area under a dry
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Home grown wheat made into sheaves, left drying in a protected area under a dry

If you're further drying your wheat outside, protect it from critters that might take
advantage.  Keeping a paper yard bag around it will catch any berries that fall and
keep pests away from it.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Cut wheat drying further outside with a paper yard bag underneath to protect it
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Cut wheat drying further outside with a paper yard bag underneath to protect it

6. Thresh the wheat.  Threshing wheat is bashing it around to release the grain from
the chaff and seed head. 

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wrestling a bunch of wheat into a linen bag for threshing.                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
Wrestling a bunch of wheat into a linen bag for threshing.                     

How to Thresh Wheat

I put my wheat stalks in a linen bag and then bash the bag against my house to thresh
it. Other people put the wheat in a rubber bin and stomp on the heads. 

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A small sheaf of wheat laid on a round wood platter with a linen bag filled wit
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A small sheaf of wheat laid on a round wood platter with a linen bag filled wit

Wheat that's been threshed in a linen bag.

7. After threshing you need to winnow the wheat. Winnowing is removing the chaff, the
lightweight skin that protects the wheat berry.  

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A small cheap fan on a porch directed at wheat with chaff to help with winnowin
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A small cheap fan on a porch directed at wheat with chaff to help with winnowin

Winnowing can be done in a few ways but they all use moving air. You can stand
outside with your grain on a sheet between two people and bounce the wheat up in the
air on a windy day. The wind carries away the chaff as it rises into the air, while
the heavier grain falls back down onto the sheet.

You will feel very much like a prairie woman in the 1800s if you do it this way.

I winnowed by spilling my wheat and chaff onto a linen sheet and then moved a small
fan over it by hand which blew away the chaff.

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A spray of wheat laying on top of a large round wood platter along with an anti
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
A spray of wheat laying on top of a large round wood platter along with an anti

After a mere 4 months and a hellofalotta work, I now had my own wheat to be turned
into flour. Like I said, about 2 cups worth of wheat berries.

After harvesting and cleaning the wheat you can store it in a moisture proof
container.  If you're afraid of bugs in your grain, you can heat your wheat berries
on a baking sheet in the oven at 130-140F for 30 minutes to an hour.  You could also
use a dehydrator (I use an Excalibur dehydrator) at that temperature to do the same
thing.

Continue to Content
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
How to Grow Wheat on a Small Scale.                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
How to Grow Wheat on a Small Scale.                   

How to Grow Wheat on a Small Scale.

Prep Time: 4 months
Active Time: 2 hours
Total Time: 4 months 2 hours
Difficulty: Experienced
Estimated Cost: $3

How to grow, harvest, thresh and winnow wheat on a small scale.

Print
Materials

  • Wheat Berries
  • Garden

Instructions

 1. Water your soil prior to planting if it isn't moist already. Plant 25 – 30 seeds
    per square foot at a depth of 1" for spring wheat.
 2. Watch for germination in the first week. Once it has sprouted KEEP THE WHEAT
    STRESS FREE by keeping the area weeded and watered.
 3. After a couple of months the wheat will grow and tiller and produce wheat heads.
    Once this happens the plants will slowly start to dry out.
 4. To test whether your wheat is ready to harvest pull a few grains out of the wheat
    head and pop them in your mouth. Ready to harvest wheat berries should be hard,
    not chewy.
 5. Harvest when your wheat is dry and hard but if there are traces of green still
    after you harvest it, dry it further dry until no trace of green remains on the
    heads.
 6. Thresh the dry wheat by placing bundles in a cotton bag or pillow case and
    bashing it around to release the grain from the chaff.
 7. Winnow the wheat (removing the chaff from the grain) by blowing a small fan on it
    to blow the chaff away while the heavier grain stays where it is.
 8. Store in a moisture proof container.

Notes

The better your soil is the better your harvest will be. Make sure it's amended with
compost or fertilizer, is nice and loose and remains watered (but not overwatered).

Doing this increases your chances of good "tillering" a process that happens within
the wheat berry causing more than one stem to grow from the wheat, and therefore more
wheat heads.

© Karen Bertelsen
Project Type: DIY

→Follow me on Instagram where I often make a fool of myself←

                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
How to Grow & Harvest Wheat on a Small Scale.                                  
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
How to Grow & Harvest Wheat on a Small Scale.                                  

More Vegetable Gardening

                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [philip-beets-carrots-360x360]          
    A Beet & Carrot Update + Fall Harvest
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [storing-vegetables-long-term-2-360x360]
    How to Store Your Vegetables Long Term.
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [lettuce-360x360]                       
    How to Get The Most Out of Your Lettuce
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [Community-Garden-2024-26-360x360]      
    The Yays! and Uchs! of the Vegetable Garden This Year

Reader Interactions

Comments

    Leave a Reply Cancel reply

    Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

    Recipe Rating Recipe Rating (*)
    ( )
    ( )
    ( )
    ( )
    ( )

              [                                             ]
              [                                             ]
              [                                             ]
              [                                             ]
              [                                             ]
              [                                             ]
              [                                             ]
    Comment * [                                             ]

    Name * [                              ]

    Email * [                              ]

    [*]Notify me via e-mail if anyone answers my comment.

    Attachment [                    ] The maximum upload file size: 512 MB. You can
    upload: image, audio. Links to YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other services
    inserted in the comment text will be automatically embedded. Drop file here

    [Post Comment] 

     [                                             ] 
     [                                             ] 
     [                                             ] 
     [                                             ] 
     [                                             ] 
     [                                             ] 
     [                                             ] 
    Δ[                                             ] 

                      
                      
                      
 1. [svg] [myst]Ashley

    April 28, 2024 at 6:33 pm

    Thank you so much for all of this awesome information! Quick question, I’m in
    Texas. Would it be better to grow my wheat in the winter or do you think it would
    be ok during our crazy summer?

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        April 29, 2024 at 9:32 am

        Hi Ashley! I wasn't actually sure, so I did a little research and it looks
        like for Texas you're best with a winter wheat, which make sense with your
        blindingly hot summers. So plant in October-November with harvesting in
        June-July. Good luck! ~ karen

        Reply
                              
                              
                              
          ☆ [svg] [myst]Ashley

            April 29, 2024 at 9:37 am

            Thank you so Much!

                         
                         
                         
 2. [svg] [myst]Lee Bryan

    December 13, 2023 at 11:06 am

    Hey there! Really appreciate your humor and great explanations! I'm considering/
    hoping to plant wheat here in southcentral PA next spring and am wondering if you
    always use the same plot of ground for your wheat from year to year? Rotate?
    THanks!

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        December 15, 2023 at 10:43 am

        Hi Lee! As long as you amend your soil, I don't find there's any reason to
        rotate crops in small spaces. Moving something 20 feet away from where it
        grew last year won't have any affect on disease or pest susceptibility.
        Having said that, since I like planting my wheat in the fall, I usually just
        plant in whatever bed is already harvested and is available and free at the
        time I want to plant. Good luck! ~ karen!

        Reply
                                    
                                    
                                    
 3. [svg] [myst]Kathleen Goff-Harmon

    August 23, 2023 at 1:51 pm

    In my area, winter wheat is grown. Do you have any tips for planting wheat in the
    fall?

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        August 25, 2023 at 10:52 am

        Hi Kathleen!You plant it the same way you would in the summer but plant it
        about a month before you expect your first frost. If you plant garlic, you
        can plant it around the same time as that. ~ karen!

        Reply
                                 
                                 
                                 
 4. [svg] [myst]Kat - the other 1

    August 09, 2023 at 11:05 pm

    "...because I can't teach you how to grow your own toilet paper."
    I believe that plant is called Lamb's Ears. 😁

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        August 13, 2023 at 10:41 am

        Ha! True. Yes. That would be pleasant wouldn't it. ~ karen!

        Reply
                     
                     
                     
 5. [svg] [myst]Kathi

    August 09, 2023 at 2:03 pm

    This is wonderful information on spring planting. What changes do I need to make
    for winter wheat planting?

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        August 09, 2023 at 5:28 pm

        Hi Kathi! For a winter planting it's all the same. The wheat will sprout and
        grow a little bit this year and then go dormant or even die back throughout
        the winter, then it starts regrowing as soon as the weather is nice in the
        spring. ~ karen!

        Reply
                       
                       
                       
 6. [svg] [myst]Randy P

    August 09, 2023 at 12:46 am

    Always entertaining and educational. I also (thanks to that Mr. Google guy) now
    know the specfic difference between 'all purpose' wheat flour and 'whole wheat'
    flour. Flours I might add that I've been blissfully using and consuming for the
    majority of my 74 years.

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        August 09, 2023 at 5:32 pm

        I'm happy to be your wisdom years tutor. ~ karen!

        Reply
                      
                      
                      
 7. [svg] [myst]Leslie

    June 26, 2023 at 8:03 pm

    Wow! Thanks so much for writing up your process. It is hard to find instructions
    for just a small area of crop. My winter wheat is looking spectacular. I heard
    from a farmer that the 4th of July is about the right time to cut it, but mine
    are tipping over and they keep dropping the grains, so I am going to cut it
    tomorrow and continue to dry it as you have explained. I am really excited about
    this and it has been so fun to grow in my raised beds. Thanks again!

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        June 27, 2023 at 12:20 am

        You're welcome Leslie. I know how hard it is to find information on just grow
        a bit of wheat, it was hard to figure out. I've been doing it for several
        years now and still love it. I just covered my crop up a few days ago in case
        any birds start thinking about raiding it. It's still green so not ready yet
        but I expect it will be ready to harvest around the same time as my garlic -
        early to mid July. Good luck with your harvest and drying and threshing etc.!
        ~ karen

        Reply
                    
                    
                    
 8. [svg] [myst]Anna

    June 24, 2023 at 12:42 pm

    Your blog teaches me and makes me laugh :) I do have a question about this wheat
    post: you said you only got about 2 cups of wheat berries from your harvest and
    yet "But I DID grow enough wheat in my 2' x 15' plot to make bread, pizza dough
    and buns all winter by grinding it into flour in my Vitamix. I'm not sure if I'm
    ready to graduate to one of these beautiful wood flour mills."

    Can you clarify? Thanks!

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        June 25, 2023 at 10:25 am

        Oh! Sure thing. When I first grew wheat I used a Vitamix dry to grind it and
        it works perfectly. In the few years since then I've upgraded to a beautiful
        wood flour mill. And because most of my doughs only use 1/4 - 1/2 cup of
        whole wheat flour, 2 cups of wheat berries goes a long way. When ground, 2
        cups of wheat berries makes almost 4 cups of flour. If I'm only using 1/4 cup
        at a time for a dough I can bake or make dough with it 16 times a year which
        is plenty for me. ~ karen! (I have no idea if I've confused you more with
        that explanation 😆 ~ karen!

        Reply
                     
                     
                     
 9. [svg] [myst]Julie

    March 17, 2023 at 8:04 am

    Hello lovely lady! :D

    This was a very fun post to read. I love how you admit it doesn't always go
    right, sometimes due to your own errors and sometimes because Mother Nature
    didn't cooperate or whatnot. Anyone that can be self-deprecating, entertaining
    and informative is a winner, in my opinion, and girl you ROCK! :D

    God bless you and yours. Have an awesome day! :D

    Reply
                      
                      
                      
10. [svg] [myst]Andriy

    January 26, 2023 at 1:57 pm

    Hi, Karen! Thank you for the post! Do you know if the berries can be planted
    after they have been heated in an oven for storage?

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        January 27, 2023 at 12:41 am

        Eep! I haven't tried that but any time you bring a seed out of its comfort
        zone it becomes less viable. And anything over 90 C (200F) kills most seeds.
        BUT! As I always say, do it and try it. It's gardening. Anything can happen.
        ~ karen!

        Reply
                              
                              
                              
          ☆ [svg] [myst]Andriy

            January 28, 2023 at 6:47 pm

            Thanks for the reply, Karen. I’m heating the seeds at 170F (my oven’s
            lowest temperature) for storage. Hopefully, I’ll be able to plant them if
            I ever need to in the future.

                              
                              
                              
11. [svg] [b534]Karrie Keehart

    October 30, 2022 at 4:08 pm

    I'm continually impressed with your detailed (proper and layperson) instructions.
    I feel as if I'm ready to start my own Karrie's Red Mill after never gardening
    but reading your tutorial! In fact, I am currently researching ancient stone
    grinders for purchase haha. Seriously, I'm growing wheat in the spring, dude.
    Even if the input far surpasses the output, I can only imagine eating bread you
    baked with wheat you grew yourself is beyond worth it. Beautiful photos, as
    always.

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
      □ [svg] [c78d]Karen

        October 31, 2022 at 10:50 am

        It's fun! I mean really fun! I planted my wheat in early September and it
        came up great so I should have a good crop in early summer. ~ karen!

        Reply
                             
                             
                             
12. [svg] [myst]Lindsay Botha

    August 25, 2022 at 9:19 pm

    If I wanted to save some seeds to replant with next year, do I need to winnow
    them and remove the chaff from the berries as well? I grew some beautiful blue
    wheat that I intend to dry and use for decor purposes. I would love to save some
    seeds for year. Thank you!

    Reply
                        
                        
                        
13. [svg] [08dc]Karen C.

    April 22, 2022 at 11:33 am

    Thank you for detailed instructions and making them printable. First time
    gardener here and I’m really wanting to grow some wheat. Your instructions are
    the best I’ve found. From one Karen to another, *fist bump*.

    Reply
                           
                           
                           
14. [svg] [myst]Debra Heath

    April 20, 2022 at 11:23 am

    This will be my first time working with wheat and I have planted 51 Hard Red
    Spring Wheat berries in a 14 x 14 planter and they have all germinated. (Hurray)
    They are about 3 inches tall and I was wondering as to how often they should be
    watered for ultimate growth. I reside in the High Desert of California and the
    hot temps have not arrived as of yet but when the do they can get up to 117F. Any
    suggestions?

    Reply

« Older Comments

Primary Sidebar

SHOP ON AMAZON

Use it 👆 to support my work. LEARN MORE

                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
[svg]                                                               
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
[karen-digging-leeks]                                               

My name is Karen Bertelsen and I was a television host. In Canada. Which means in
terms of notoriety and wealth, I was somewhere on par with the manager of a Sunset
Tan in Wisconsin.

I quit television to start a blog with the goal that I could make my living through
blogging and never have to host a television show again. And it’s worked out. I’m
making a living blogging. If you’re curious, this is how I do that.

So I’m doing this in reverse basically. I’m the only blogger who is trying to NOT get
a TV show.

More about me 👋

Seasonal Articles

                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [Christmas-trees2-360x360]              
    7 Days of Puzzles - Christmas Eve Trees
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [Pine-sprig-tree-360x360]               
    7 Days of Puzzles - Pine Sprig Tree
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [Vintage-glass-ornament-puzzle-1-360x36]
    7 Days of Puzzles - Vintage Ornaments
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [house-at-christmas-1-360x360]          
    A Christmas Conversation With Betty
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [scented-ornaments-7-360x360]           
    Cinnamon Applesauce Ornaments
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [the-holiday-book-list-feature-360x360] 
    The Best Christmas Books For Adults

Popular Articles

                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [aerogarden-tomatoes-360x360]           
    This Is Where I Try To Buy Your Love
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
  • [svg]                    [DSC_0468-220x220]       
    Guaranteed Crispy Sweet Potato Fries & Sriracha Mayo Dip
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [a-year-full-of-pots-360x360]           
    A Year Full of Pots: Win Sarah Raven's New Book
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [feature2-360x360]                      
    The Difference Between People Who Eat Mayo & People Who Eat Miracle Whip
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [me-in-CL-360x360]                      
    Your FIRST look at my new kitchen in Canadian Living Magazine.
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  • [svg]                                   [wax-paper-transfer-10-360x360]         
    How to Print an Image on Wood.

Footer

as seen in

                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
[svg]                                                                               
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
[The_New_York_Times_logo]                                                           

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
[svg]                                        
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
[better-homes-and-garden-logo-web]           

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
[svg]                                        
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
[canadian-living-logo-web]                   

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
[svg]                                        
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
[the-farmers-almanac-logo-web-]              

About

  • About
  • Contact
  • Privacy Policy

Newsletter

  • Sign Up! for emails and updates

Social

  • Facebook
  • Instagram
  • Twitter
  • Pinterest

Skip to Instructions
5955 shares

  •  
  •  
  • 

