  • Home
  • About
      □ Privacy Policy
  • Blog
  • Prep-Ahead Meals Cookbooks
  • Recipes
  • Lifestyle
  • Gardening
  • Kid’s Activities
  • Gluten-Free Recipes
  • Budgeting Tips

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

[                    ][Search]
↑

Premeditated Leftovers™

Prep-Ahead Meals, Cooking Tips, and Frugal Living

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

[                    ][Search]
  • Cookbooks
      □ Prep-Ahead Breakfasts and Lunches
      □ Prep-Ahead Meals From Scratch
  • Recipe Index
  • Members Area
      □ Member Login
      □ Join Us

  • Home
  • Blog
  • Recipes
  • Gluten-Free Recipes
  • Lifestyle
  • Garden
  • DIY
  • Kids
  • Budget


You are here: Home / Gardening / How to Grow Gourds

How to Grow Gourds

October 17, 2018 by Alea Milham Leave a Comment

This post may contain affiliate links. Read our disclosure policy here.
3355 shares

  • Pin
  • Share
  • Tweet

Thinking about growing your own gourds? This guide on how to grow gourds will help
you with everything from planting to harvest.

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
How to grow gourds                           
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
How to grow gourds                           

            
Pin itPin it

You can’t think about fall without thinking of gourds! Gourds are a great way to
decorate your home for the fall season, and can even be dried out to use for crafts.
If you would love to have an abundance of gourds without a trip to the farmer’s
market, take a look below at tips for growing gourds. You might find that growing
your own gourds is fun, easy, and a great way to celebrate the fall season! Here is
what you need to know!

How to Grow Gourds

How to plant gourds from seeds

Sowing gourd seeds directly in the ground is the best way to plant them and achieve
success. You can do this as soon as any threat of frost or freezing temperatures has
passed. It is not advised that you start seeds indoors prior to the growing season,
as gourd seedlings may not transplant well.

To plant your gourds from seeds, you want to plant them in groups. Create a hole that
is 1-2 inches in depth and drop up to five gourd seeds in the hole. Make sure you
choose a planting area that is full sun, as gourds will need it to really thrive.
Part sun and shade will not give you a flourishing crop, so be sure you have this
kind of sun before you plant your groupings.

Your soil should drain well and be nutrient-rich. Use compost additives to increase
the nutrients in the soil. Avoid any areas where mud tends to build up.

You can plant multiple groupings, just be sure to plant each group about 6 inches
apart. These seedlings will soon sprout twisting and twirling vines, so you want to
give them plenty of room to spread out.

How to care for gourd seedlings

Once the seedlings are 3-4 inches in height, you can start thinning them out. Look at
each grouping and take the smallest seedlings out. You should leave 2-3 of the
stronger seedlings in the grouping.

Gourds like to be kept cool, and the best way to do this is water them frequently.
Water directly at the base and avoid spraying water on the foliage as this can cause
burns to the plant. If you experience a drought, take extra care to keep the soil
moist. Mulch can help retain moisture in the plant and should be used as much as
possible.

You won’t have too many issues with pests, but should you notice any bite marks on
your gourds you can use an organic repellent to help.

Give your gourds a little extra care when you provide a fence or trellis to offer
support to the heavy vines. This can prevent the foliage from snapping and keeping
the gourds off the ground can help prevent rot and disease. Speaking of disease, if
you plan on planting gourds for several years in a row, always rotate your planting
spots. This can help prevent disease in the plants.

How to grow gourds in containers

Because of the amount of space they require to grow, gourds won’t thrive in pots. If
you are limited in space, a raised garden bed may be ideal for you. Be sure your
raised bed still has some type of trellis in place so the gourds can grow upwards.

                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
Gourd growing in the garden                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
Gourd growing in the garden                                        

            
Pin itPin it

How to harvest gourds

There are many varieties of ornamental gourds that you can grow, and each one will
vary as far as when it should be harvested. In most cases, the gourd will be the size
of an adult fist, firm to the touch, and bright in color. To harvest the gourd, cut
the gourd from a stem with a knife. You still want to leave a good 2 inches of the
stem intact.

As long as your gourds are kept in a cool and dry place, they will last for months.
You can also choose to dry the gourds out, harvest the seeds from them, or give them
as treats to the outdoor critters.

Growing your own gourds can be fun, so consider these tips on how to grow gourds and
see how they can help.

                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
Tips for growing gourds                      
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
                                             
Tips for growing gourds                      

            
Pin itPin it

More Gardening Guides:

How to Grow Kobocha Squash

How to Grow Butternut Squash

How to Grow Spaghetti Squash

How to Grow Snow Peas

How to Grow Cherry Tomatoes

How to Grow Asparagus

3355 shares

  • Pin
  • Share
  • Tweet

About Alea Milham

Alea Milham is the owner of Premeditated Leftovers and the author of Prep-Ahead Meals
from Scatch. She shares her tips for saving money and time while reducing waste in
her home. Her favorite hobby, gardening, is a frugal source of organic produce for
her recipes. She believes it is possible to live fully and eat well while spending
less.

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating (*)
( )
( )
( )
( )
( )

          [                                             ]
          [                                             ]
          [                                             ]
          [                                             ]
          [                                             ]
          [                                             ]
          [                                             ]
Comment * [                                             ]

Name * [                              ]

Email * [                              ]

[Post Comment] 

Search

[                    ][Search]
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
Prep-Ahead Breakfasts and Lunches Prep-Ahead Breakfasts and Lunches 

Recent Articles:

                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
[svg]            [how-to-start-yo]

How to Start Your First Garden

                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
2 ways to start c2 ways to start c

3 Ways to Start Composting

                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
How to attract wiHow to attract wi

Tips for Attracting Winter Birds

                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
Prep-Ahead Meals from Scratch WherPrep-Ahead Meals from Scratch Wher

BROWSE:

  • Blog
  • Cookbooks
  • Recipe Index
  • Members Area

ABOUT:

  • About
  • Contact
  • Privacy Policy
  • Disclosure

                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
[svg]           [alea]          

Welcome. I'm Alea!

On Premeditated Leftovers I share simple recipes made with whole foods, practical
shopping tips, time saving techniques, and meal planning strategies. I also share
tips for minimizing food waste, so more of the food that is purchased ends up on the
table.

While volunteering as a budget counselor, I realized that food is the element of most
people’s budgets where they have the greatest control. I set out to develop low-cost
recipes from scratch to prove it’s possible to create delicious meals on a limited
budget. Eating well while spending less is about more than just creating recipes
using inexpensive ingredients; it’s about creatively combining ingredients so you
don’t feel deprived and are inspired to stick to your budget.
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Copyright ©2024, Premeditated Leftovers™. All Rights Reserved.
Design by Pixel Me Designs
