Wed Jun 25 10:16:43 AM EDT 2025

so many dreams have helped me in my life.  The focus seems to be:
	Be careful about smoking pot!

	Pot?!  Isn't that like heroine or cocain?!
No, silly.  Them's is hard drugs!!  Pot is not.  But it'll still get you into
some serious trouble if you're not careful.  Here's a guide for new pot users.
	Pot, also called marijuana (mare-i-WAN-na) or cannabis (CAN-na-bis),
naturally contains THC, a psycho-active molecule that alters human perception
and behavior.  One must not introduce such chemicals without caution.  Same goes
for alcohol, which, while not psycho-active, can change human perception and
behavior.  Pot also naturally contains other chemical compounds that can effect
how humans respond to THC.
	THC causes a range of perceptive changes in humans.   Someone who smokes pot
might feel these changes come on within minutes.  They might feel giddy, scared,
or deeply relaxed, depending on the person, the amount of THC consumed, and the
chemical makeup of the pot consumed.  Regardless of what a person is feeling, it
is wise to keep in mind that the effects of pot are temporary, and the person
will return to normal in a few hours, for the most part.
	Are there long-term effects caused by consuming pot?  There can be, yes.
Smoking too much pot at once can cause temporary episodes of mild psychosis.
Smoking pot at all might trigger psychosis in people who are at risk of mental
health diseases such as bi-polar disorder and schitzophrenia.  Chronic pot use
may lead to behavioral changes that are difficult to perceive, and which might
interfere with the users ability to live well.
	While the effects of pot can feel extreme, and can lead to changes in thought
patterns and behavior when used chronically, these changes are not necessarily
bad.  Many people feel their quality of life improves when using pot.  On the
other hand, their family and friends might not agree.  Don't lose yourself.



*************

Wed Jun 25 10:46:40 AM EDT 2025


