Menu

MorningChores

Search

  • Homestead
  • Gardening
      □ How to Start a Garden
      □ Planting Zone Map
      □ First & Last Frost Dates
      □ Planting Calendar
      □ Garden Size Calculator
      □ Plant Growing Guides
      □ Fertilizer Calculator
      □ C/N Compost Calculator
      □ Gardening Basics
  • Animals
      □ Chickens
      □ Beekeeping
      □ Goats
  • DIY
  • More
      □ Frugal Living
      □ Food & Drinks
      □ Home Decor
      □ Survival & Prepping
      □ Handmade

    
[                    ][]
[                    ][]
   

  • Gardening
      □ Planting Zone Map
      □ Frost Dates
      □ Planting Calendar
      □ Plant Growing Guides
  • Homestead
  • Money
  • Home Ideas
  • DIY
  • Raising Chickens
  • Food & Drinks
  • Products
  • Become a Writer at Morning Chores
  • About Us

    

Growing Burdock: The Complete Guide to Plant, Grow and Harvest Burdock

By Craig Taylor
[0eb4d150e6a2cf26][svg]Craig Taylor

Craig is a self-sufficiency gardener who lives in Auckland, New Zealand. He has six
vegetable gardens, a 7-meter glass house, and 35-tree orchard that provide food for
his family. All spray-free. He is a prepper who likes strange plants and experiment
with heritage plants to save seeds.

Print
[Growing-Burdock-The-Complete-Guide-to-Plant-Grow-and-Harvest-Burdock-FI][svg]

I have to admit that when my wife said she wanted seeds to start growing burdock, I
thought she meant a different plant. I have always considered burdock a weed that
is a menace wherever it grows, and I have even sprayed it a few times to get rid of
it.

Now that we’ve been growing burdock for a few years, I’m a convert. Burdock is a
wonder herb in my book. Not only is it seriously good for you, but it’s more
versatile than any other plant I know. It can be used in so many medicinal
preparations, both internally and externally. On top of that, the roots are tasty.

Burdock has anti-bacterial and anti-inflammatory properties and contains compounds
that are antioxidants. You can eat the roots boiled, sautéed or roasted. You’ll
often find burdock leaves in Japanese cuisine and Native Americans use the dried
roots in winter stews.

[Growing-Burdock-The-Complete-Guide-to-Plant-Grow-and-Harvest-Burdo][svg]

Burdock Varieties

There are about ten types of burdock, but only two are commonly cultivated. Once
you can identify burdock, you’ll see it everywhere.

If you have seen gobo root in the grocery store, this is another name for burdock.
Gobo comes from Japanese cuisine where both the burdock leaves, roots, and stems
are used extensively.

Great Burdock

[Great-Burdock-800x531][svg]

Great Burdock can grow to about nine feet tall, particularly when the plant is
flowering. The stalks are solid. The flowers are flat-topped and grow in clusters
that look like thistles.

Common Burdock

[Common_Burdock_with_bee_2985446258][svg]
v

Common burdock is smaller than great burdock, and the flowers are either stalkless
or have very short stalks. Unlike great burdock, the stems are hollow. When the
plants are big, this is the easiest way to tell the difference between the two
types.

How to Grow Burdock

Zones

Burdock grows well in zones 2-10 and is cold hardy. In most zones, it’s considered
a weed that self-seeds.

Sun and Soil Requirements

[burdock-3582714_1920-1-800x533][svg]

Plant burdock in loamy soil with a neutral pH between 6.6-7.5. You need soft, loose
soil to harvest the roots. Burdock roots can be deep, so if you have solid,
compacted soil, you’ll find getting to them difficult. I’ve had success with mixing
a bit of sand and wood chips into the soil to keep it loose. This way the root is
easier to harvest.

One of the reasons burdock root is so full of minerals is because of the depth at
which the wild plant grows. That’s a blessing and a curse come harvest time, so
prepare your soil well.

urdock is partial to sun or part shade.

When to Plant Burdock

Plant in spring when the soil temperatures are getting warm in temperate regions
after the risk of frost has passed. In warm areas, plant in the fall.

Where to Plant Burdock

Once you plant burdock on your property you will notice it popping up everywhere.
This is because the seed bur sticks to everything that comes into contact with it.
Keep that in mind if you have pets.

In fact, the biggest challenge to growing burdock is keeping it contained. You can
snip the burs before they form and you may also want to grow them in a contained,
fenced area.

Try to plant burdock where you are happy for it to self-seed and grow continuously,
then you don’t have to bother collecting seeds.

Seed or Cuttings?

Seeds, seeds and more seeds. If there’s one thing you can rely on from burdock,
its’s seeds. If you have wild burdock, you have probably picked the burs (seeds)
from your cat, dog or child’s clothing. You can buy seeds or harvest some wild
(just make sure you’ve identified the plant correctly) or from a friend’s plant.
Remove the seeds from the prickly outer layer and dry.

Germinating Seeds

Cover seeds with about 1/2″ of soil and tap down lightly. Being the prolific plant
it is, seeds will germinate in as little as 7 days. Keep the soil damp while the
seed germinates.

Spacing

Give growing burdock 6-8 inches between plants and 24-36 inches between rows.

Caring for Burdock

Fertilizing

You can give your growing burdock a boost with an all-purpose fertilizer if you’d
like, but it isn’t necessary.

Watering

As long as the soil is loamy and well fertilized, the only other thing to remember
with burdock is to water it regularly. It takes a fair amount of water to grow big,
healthy roots, so give it lots to drink. Just don’t overwater or the root may rot
if it sits in pools of water.

Pruning

If you don’t want the plant to self-seed, snip off the flowers before they dry.

Common Problems and Solutions for Growing Burdock.

Burdock is hardy and is not bothered by too many pests, but here are a few things
to watch for.

Four Lined Plant Bug

[Four-lined_Plant_Bug_nymph_-_Poecilocapsus_lineatus_Carderock_Park_Carder][svg]

This bug damages the leaves to the point the leaf will wither and die. It will eat
away the flesh of the leaf, leaving hollow spots. It overwinters eggs on the plant
and comes on strong in the spring. Use neem oil to control it, although it is adept
at avoiding sprays so keep an eye on numbers.

You will find very few insects bother burdock other than the four-lined plant bug.
If you’re growing burdock for the root, then I wouldn’t worry about the bugs at the
top too much.

Slugs

There are few plants out there that slugs don’t like to nibble, and burdock is no
exception. Use your favorite slug control method to keep them at bay.

Aphids

At some point, every garden gets aphids. Luckily, they’re easy to control. Look for
clusters of green or yellow bugs and spray them with a blast of water. If you plan
to eat the leaves, spray with neem oil to keep aphids away without contaminating
your harvest.

Mites

Spider mites are another common garden pest. You’ll usually notice the tiny little
critters in their masses of webbing. Use neem oil to control.

Companion Plants for Burdock

Because burdock has such a long taproot, it pulls up nutrients from deeper in the
soil, so companion plants should be anything with shallow roots, such as:

  • Asparagus
  • 
  • Beans
  • Peas
  • Squash

Don’t plant with deep-rooted vegetables or they will compete with burdock for
nutrients. You will also disturb vegetable roots if you harvest the burdock first,
given the depth of burdock roots. Less-than-ideal companions include:

  • Onions
  • Radish
  • Potatoes
  • Carrot

How to Harvest and Use Burdock

Burdock is a biennial which means it grows for two years before dying. Roots are
typically ready 90-120 days after planting, and leaves are ready whenever you are.
Harvest the root in the first year in autumn or the second year in spring. Roots
can grow deep, so this is where a deep, loamy soil is handy.

You can either dig straight down to pull up the roots or dig a trench alongside the
root to pull it sideways.

Use young leaves like spinach. The roots can be boiled, roasted, or fried and is
used in many recipes.

Health-wise, burdock is used for a range of things, from detoxification, addressing
skin problems, as a liver tonic or for issues connected with premenstrual symptoms.
Lightly steam the leaves and then apply as a poultice to draw out infection of cuts
and skin damage.

Burdock is a wonderful plant that’s easy to grow, has impressive health benefits
and a tasty flavor. Give it a go because it is hard to mess this one up. What other
plant lets you eat the roots, leaves, stalks and can be used as a medicinal
powerhouse?

If you’re serious about self-sustainability, this is one plant to consider growing
due to the multitude of different ways it can be used.

Do you have any recipes or medicinal concoctions to share with us on how to use
your burdock leaves or roots?

[Growing-Burdock-The-Complete-Guide-to-Plant-Grow-and-Harvest-Burdo][svg]

[growing-boysenberries-352x235][svg]

How to Grow Boysenberries Plant in Your Garden

[growing-limes-352x235][svg]

Growing Limes: Best Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, and Harvest

[The-Definitive-Guide-on-How-to-Grow-Peppers-352x2][svg]

Growing Peppers: Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

[Growing-Turnips-The-Complete-Guide-to-Plant-Grow-][svg]

Growing Turnips: The Complete Guide to Plant, Grow and Harvest Turnips

[Growing-Costmary-352x235][svg]

A Comprehensive Guide to Growing Costmary

[How-to-Grow-Popcorn-Plant-in-Your-Garden-FE-352x2][svg]

How to Grow Popcorn Plant in Your Garden

[growing-olives-352x235][svg]

How to Grow, Care, and Harvest Olive Trees

[Growing-Melon-Varieties-Planting-Care-Problems-an][svg]

Growing Melons: Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

[Growing-Caraway-The-Complete-Guide-to-Plant-Grow-][svg]

Growing Caraway: The Complete Guide to Plant, Grow and Harvest Caraway

[Growing-Cardoon-352x235][svg]

Growing Cardoon: How to Plant, Raise and Use This Remarkable Plant

[Growing-Runner-Beans-How-to-Guide-Problems-and-Ha][svg]

Runner Beans: Varieties Growing Guide, Problems, and Harvesting

[calamint-growing-352x235][svg]

Growing Calamint: How to Plant, Care For and Harvest Calamint

[lotus-flowers-352x235][svg]

Growing Gorgeous Lotus Plants Indoors or Out

growing pineapple in a fieldgrowing pineapple in a field

How to Grow Pineapples No Matter Where You Live

[oyster-leaf-plant-352x235][svg]

Growing Oyster Leaf: How to Plant and Care for This Delicious Green

[growing-sea-beans-352x235][svg]

Growing Sea Beans: How to Grow, Plant, and Care for Glasswort

Breadfruit growing on a treeBreadfruit growing on a tree

Growing Breadfruit Tree: Best Varieties, Planting Guide, Care, Problems and Harvest

[growing-cannabis-352x235][svg]

All You Need to Know About Growing Cannabis

[shutterstock_1606247239-352x235][svg]

Caucasian Spinach: Meet This Shade-Loving Perennial Climber

[papaya-fruit-352x235][svg]

How to Plant and Grow Papayas Indoors or Outdoors

[cucamelon-growing-352x235][svg]

Growing Cucamelons: How to Plant and Use These Tiny Wonders

[Growing-Vanilla-How-to-Plant-Grow-and-Harvest-Van][svg]

Growing Vanilla: How to Plant, Grow, and Harvest Vanilla Beans Successfully

  • About Morning Chores
  • Jobs
      □ Become a Writer
      □ Short-Form Video Creator
  • Contact Us

© 2025 MorningChores. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy · Terms of Use ·
Disclosure

