Skip to content

Grab a copy of our PEPPER GROWING EBOOK

   
The Recipe Index
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
Pepper Geek Logo                                                              

  • Growing Peppers
  • Recipes
  • Shop
  • About Us

Search for: [                    ] [Search]
Check out our PEPPER GROWING EBOOK

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
Pepper Geek Logo                                                              
Home / Growing Peppers /

How To Grow Habanero Peppers

                                                                                   
                                                                                   
                                                                                   
[6728]Written byPepper Geek Posted on10/12/201908/08/2024 Last updated on08/08/2024

Disclaimer: As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. Pepper Geek
takes part in various affiliate programs. This means that purchases through our links
may result in a commission for us.

  • Share
  • Tweet
  • Pin

So you must be into spicy food. You’re going to fit in just fine here at Pepper Geek.
We love hot peppers more than (almost) anything! In this article, I’ll share our full
guide on how to grow habaneros.

Habaneros are a great starter pepper plant for new growers who love heat. We will
cover useful tips and tricks we’ve learned through the years to make sure you get the
most peppers off of every plant, and the highest heat level possible!

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Red habanero peppers on plant                                                                                  

Habaneros are prolific plants, often producing several dozen peppers per plant. They
are also some of the spiciest peppers that most people can tolerate and enjoy, with
lots of flavor.

You’re going to love having fresh-picked habanero peppers at home. Let’s get started
growing habaneros!

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

In this article (skip ahead):

  • Buying seeds
  • Choosing soil
  • Choosing fertilizer
  • Starting seeds indoors
  • Pruning plants
  • Transplanting outdoors
  • Fertilizing & watering
  • Harvesting

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

1. Buy Habanero Pepper Seeds

If you already have seeds, you can skip to the next step. If not, consider the
options before you choose your pepper variety. Different habanero plants will yield
very different results!

Some Different Habanero Peppers Options…

  • Looking for the classic orange habanero? Grow these bad boys
  • Looking for more heat? Try the Caribbean red habanero
  • Looking for an interesting color? Try growing the snow white habanero

                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
How To Store Pepper Seeds                                                                                          

The main takeaway here should be that there are a lot of different types of habanero
peppers. It can be fun to experiment with different varieties and watch them change
colors and shape as they grow.

If you’re like us, you’ll grow as many as you can fit in the garden! Or, perhaps more
sensibly, you’ll try 2 or 3 types.

Either way, the growing process will be nearly identical. Some varieties may produce
better than others, but the plant care should be the same. So rest assured,
regardless of which seed type you buy, this growing guide for habaneros will work
perfectly!

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

2. Choose The Right Soil

Most growers want a simple answer when it comes to soil type. While typical potting
mix will work fine for most growers (Miracle-Gro or similar), we recommend using two
soils when growing from seed.

One soil is used for starting the seeds inside, and another for the rest of the
plant’s life outdoors. These two types of soil differ in both nutrient content and
texture/aeration qualities. Both are also widely available at home gardening stores.

                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                
Garden Soil For Pepper Plants                                                                                   

Soil For Starting Seeds

When starting seeds, you should use a fertilizer-free ‘seed starting mix.’ These are
available online, or at your local Lowes or Home Depot. Try this brand from Amazon.

Most seed starter mixes are made of some combination of sphagnum peat moss, coco
coir, vermiculite, and perlite. These ingredients combine to make a highly-aerated,
moisture-retaining mix perfect for getting seedling started strong. The mixture stays
moist and allows young root systems to grow with ease.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Seedling tray with seed starter mix                                                                            

Filled seed containers.

The lack of nutrients in seed starter soil means that you will need to begin
fertilizing soon after seedlings sprout. This soil is only good for the first 3-4
weeks of your habanero plant’s life. After this, you should move the plants to
another soil type.

Soil For Mature Growth Stage

This type of soil is more of a mixed bag (no pun intended [okay maybe]). There are
lots and lots of potting soils to choose from. We have tested at least a dozen bagged
soils over the years, and our favorite has been this one.

If you have the space for it, I also recommend composting. This can be an incredibly
powerful addition to your soil, especially if you’re growing in the ground or in
raised beds. But, you can also mix some into your potted plants for slow-release
nutrients.

Don’t stress too much about choosing a soil! While soil is a critical component of
gardening success, if you buy a few bags of common potting mix at Home Depot and it
says “Suitable For Vegetables” on it, your plants should be okay.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

3. Get The Right Fertilizer

Fertilizer is another daunting topic for growing peppers. There are many all-purpose
fertilizers made to grow any and all vegetables. These will work fine to grow
healthy-looking plants, but we want to make sure we actually get peppers!

To ensure our plants grow lots of peppers, we need to follow a fairly simple
fertilizer regimen. Nitrogen is essential for developing the young plants into big,
healthy plants. However, once the habanero plants begin flowering, we need to make
sure not to give them too much nitrogen.

Recommendation: Keep it simple with Fox Farm’s 3-stage fertilizer.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Fox farm trio fertilizers                                                                                      

Fox Farm liquid nutrients work well for potted peppers.

If you want to keep it to one fertilizer, use a well-rounded fertilizer, such as
Miracle Gro Organics all season. After the plants begin flowering, reduce to 1/2
strength fertilizer, typically around mid-late June. This will allow the plants to
focus more energy on fruit production instead of producing more leaves.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

4. Start Seeds Indoors

Starting seeds early allows your habaneros, which grow naturally near the equator, to
have a longer growing season. Waiting until April or May to start pepper seeds could
result in underdeveloped plants, lower yields, and unripe peppers come harvest time.

When To Start Habaneros Indoors

Use our simple chart to determine when you should be planting pepper seeds indoors.
All you need to know is your USDA growing zone (or equivalent), and you can find
roughly when to start your seeds.

For Northern hemisphere gardeners, you can plant seeds anywhere from February to
April. For hot peppers, we recommend starting seeds 8 weeks before your plants will
be moved outdoors (last chance of frost). This date will depend mostly on your
hardiness zone.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Pepper Seed Cells with Seedlings                                                                               

If you live in a warmer climate, you may be able to move your plants outside earlier.
The longer the growing season, the better for peppers!

How To Sow Pepper Seeds Indoors

Planting seeds is pretty simple. However, there are a few steps that should be taken
to give the seeds the best possibility of germination.

Seed starting supplies:

  • 6-cell trays
  • Trays and humidity domes
  • Seed heating mat

Seed starting tips:

 1. Use fertilizer-free soil.

    Habanero seeds contain enough nutrients to germinate and grow to about 1-2 inch
    tall plants. I have had the best luck using ‘seed starter mix’ for germination.
    Here is one recommended soil.

 2. Pre-moisten soil.

    Before planting, thoroughly moisten and mix your seed starter soil. The mix
    should stick together when squeezed, but not drip water. This will enhance the
    soil’s ability to absorb water in the future.

 3. Use bottom-water seed trays.

    The best method to water seedlings is to bottom-water. This means that you are
    filling a tray of water, then the water is absorbed from the bottom through holes
    in the containers, keeping the soil moist.

    Watering frequency will depend on the humidity of your environment. Check the
    surface moisture of your seed trays and water if the soil feels dry. Keep the
    soil moist, not soaked!
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                       
    How To Germinate Pepper Seeds                                                                                      

 4. Plant 2+ seeds per container.

    If you’re just growing a few plants, you want to make sure that your seeds
    sprout. By planting 2 or more seeds per container, you increase the chances of
    successful germination. If both seeds sprout, you simply pluck away one of them
    when they reach 1 inch in height.

    Plant seeds at a depth of 1/8-1/4 inch for ideal germination. Any deeper, and the
    seeds may struggle to surface properly.

    Tip: If you have limited seed quantity and want to conserve seeds, you can ignore
    this step. Just plant one seed per container to avoid wasting seeds.

 5. Keep the soil warm and moist.

    During germination, the soil temperature should be at 80-90°F. Peppers come from
    very warm climates, and the heat significantly speeds up germination.

    We use a heated propagation mat and a thermometer to keep conditions consistent.
    However, if your indoor temperatures already satisfy these ranges, no need to
    worry!

    Never let the soil dry out before sprouting. Spray the soil daily and keep the
    seeds covered with a humidity dome (or similar) to keep humidity locked in.

 6. Consider lighting.

    While window light is good, to get the most out of your plants, you’ll want some
    sort of lighting setup.

Habanero Germination Time

Different pepper seeds will have different germination times. For habanero peppers,
seeds will typically germinate within 7-10 days under ideal conditions. Provide warm
(~80°F), moist soil with plenty of air circulation for the quickest germination.

We have had some of our habaneros sprout within just 4 days when using our seed
heating mat! If you are having trouble germinating your habanero seeds, refer to our
guide to fast germination here.

Use Grow Lights!

I highly recommend using a grow light of some kind to start any type of seedling
indoors. Without adequate lighting, young habanero plants may become tall and lanky,
with weak and leggy stems. Read our article about the best grow lights for peppers
here.

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Spider Farmer SF600 Grow Light Hanging Above Pepper Plants                                                     

Grow light for indoor pepper plants.

Our habaneros live the first 2+ months of their lives indoors, and window sunlight
alone just doesn’t cut it. This early stage of growth is critical for determining the
hardiness of your plant throughout the whole growing season.

By introducing some artificial light, you can ensure the young seedlings
photosynthesize as much as possible. You will notice considerably healthier-looking
plants when using a grow light vs using window sunlight.

For a straightforward, cheap setup, try these clip-on LED lights from Amazon. If you
use this clip-on light, keep it very close to your plants when they sprout, about 4-6
inches away from the leaves.

For a more efficient light with a natural color, spring for one of these on Amazon
(this is one of the lights we use). If you use a brighter light like this one, you
should keep it farther from your pepper seedlings to avoid light burn. This light
requires 12-18″ of distance from the plant foliage to avoid burns.

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Window light vs grow light pepper plants                                                                                              

Peppers growing in window light (left) vs. under grow lights (right).

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

5. Transplant Habaneros Outdoors

Transplanting is the process of moving your plants from a smaller container to a
larger one. This usually takes place twice during a habanero plant’s growth, but can
also be done just once if the seedlings are started in larger containers (such as
3-4″ pots).

To transplant, fill a larger pot with pre-moistened potting soil, dig out a trench
deep enough to fit your plant’s entire root system, and carefully move the entire
plant to the new pot. Then, cover the root system with fresh soil and compact gently.
Water immediately to ensure the roots have plenty of moisture.

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Basil and habanero pepper plants                                                                                                      

Habanero plant in 5 inch pot.

Read our full guide to transplanting here.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

When To Transplant Outdoors

Once you are ready to transition, be sure you harden off your plants before moving
outdoors 100%. This is the process of gradually acclimating your plants to the
outdoor climate (wind, direct sunlight, etc.).

Move your plants outdoors permanently as soon as the weather is warm overnight
(ideally above 55°F) and the risk of frost has passed. For us in the Northeastern US,
this happens around May 15th.

Planting Habaneros in Pots

If you are planning to grow your habaneros in a pot, make sure you choose one that is
big enough. Though habaneros are small peppers and will grow in any sized pot, they
prefer to have at least 3-5 gallons of space for better yields.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

6. Fertilize & Water Regularly

Poor watering routine is one of the most common causes of pepper problems.
Over-watering or under-watering can cause stress to habanero plants.

Watering Tips:

  • Make sure your soil drains well
  • Watch for hot and dry weather and water more often as needed
  • Don’t water if the soil is already damp near the surface
  • Use mulch to conserve moisture

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Yellow Pepper Plant Leaves                                                                                     

Under-watering can cause yellowing leaves

A habanero plant’s soil should be moist, but not soaked. A simple check with your
finger will be enough to test moisture levels. As you grow more plants, you will
develop a keen eye for a thirsty plant, and for one that doesn’t need watering.

Tip: Allowing your habanero plants to become dry between watering can actually
produce hotter peppers. This is called ‘stressing’ the plants and is used by
professional growers to get more heat. But be careful not to over-stress them and
cause damage.

Fertilizing & Keeping Nitrogen In Check

Plants need nutrients to grow, so be sure to provide them as needed. If you use seed
starter mix, I suggest fertilizing about 1 week after the plants sprout. However,
don’t over-feed seedlings! They don’t need much while they are so small, so make an
extra-diluted batch until the plants are larger.

If you’re using nutrient-rich potting soil, avoid fertilizing until the plants begin
fruiting. This is usually when nutrients begin running low for habaneros, and a
supplemental fertilizer is needed.

However, too much nitrogen can be a bad thing for habanero plants. Once flowers begin
to develop, less nitrogen is needed, but more potassium can be beneficial, so be sure
to read the NPK ratio on your fertilizer and opt for one with a ratio around 2-1-3
(2% nitrogen, 1% phosphorus, 3% potassium).

We have had success with Fox Farm’s 3-stage fertilizer system, but you can also use
an organic option with a proper nutrient ratio.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

7. Harvesting Habaneros

Harvesting habaneros is easy. The clearest sign of a ripe habanero is the bright
orange color. They turn from green to orange in most cases, but if you grow any of
the other varieties of Habanero, you may be looking for a different color.

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Red habanero pepper harvest in hand                                                                                                   

Ripe red habanero peppers.

How long until habaneros are ripe?

The typical grow time of habaneros from transplanting outdoors to harvesting is
around 90 days or longer. This is longer than many other pepper types, which is
another reason it’s so important to plant seeds early. Learn more about harvesting
habaneros here.

Tip: When the risk of frost is approaching at the end of the season, you can prune
away any unnecessary branches to encourage the last remaining peppers to ripen.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

8. Get Ready For Next Year!

Success! With your fiery hot peppers ready for picking, all that is left to do is use
them!

  • 12 habanero pepper recipes
  • Try dehydrating habaneros here
  • Save your habanero seeds for next year here

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Mango habanero hot sauce recipe                                                                                                       

Mango habanero hot sauce.

I hope you have a bountiful harvest of fresh habaneros this year. Good luck, and feel
free to share any tips or suggestions on how to grow better habaneros in the comments
below.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
Calvin Thumbna

Calvin

One of the original Pepper Geeks! When Calvin isn’t gardening or learning more about
peppers and botany, he might be traveling new places or playing some music.

Post navigation

 Previous
Da Bomb Hot Sauce Is Scary Spicy
Next
Hot Ones Last Dab XXX Hot Sauce Review

Similar Posts

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
When To Harvest Jalapeños (For Best Flavor & Heat)                                                             

When To Harvest Jalapeños (For Best Flavor & Heat)

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
How To Stake Pepper Plants                                                                                     

How To Stake Pepper Plants

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Plant Breeding Methods – How to Cross Two Plants                                                                                      

Plant Breeding Methods – How to Cross Two Plants

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Pepper Plant Care Tips (at Every Stage)                                                                        

Pepper Plant Care Tips (at Every Stage)

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Aphids On Pepper Plants – How To Treat And Prevent                                                             

Aphids On Pepper Plants – How To Treat And Prevent

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
How to Grow Banana Peppers – In Pots or In Ground                                                                                     

How to Grow Banana Peppers – In Pots or In Ground

17 Comments

                                
                                
                                
 1. [efcf7] ERNEST CLEMENT says:
    12/15/2023 at 11:35 pm

    DOES IT HELP GERMINATION IF YOU NICK THE SEEDS

    Reply
                                
                                
                                
     1. [67287] peppergeek says:
        12/16/2023 at 2:56 pm

        Yes but usually isn’t necessary for peppers. If your seeds are older than 1-2
        years or you’re having issues with germination then it might be worth trying.

        Reply
                           
                           
                           
 2. [a3bd5] Anthony S says:
    09/11/2023 at 10:09 am

    Great article I followed most of what you have here the only real difference was
    with the fertilizer I used a 10-15-10 at full strength every 7 days for the first
    2 months of the season then switched to every 14 days for the next 1.5- 2 months
    then stopped with the fertilizer. By this time the plants were huge 18-20” tall
    with canopies 35” across and LOADED with fruits. I only watered every 2-3 days.
    The plants got full sun from sunrise until about 3 pm they were shaded in the
    most intense part of the late afternoon sun. At the beginning of the season I
    pinched the flowers off until the plants got some size to them about 12” tall,
    then let the flowers set. I planted them at the end of May and had my 1sr harvest
    of 18 ripe peppers on August 12, my 2nd harvest of 40 peppers August 20th, 3rd
    harvest of 56 peppers August 26th, 4th harvest of 145 peppers September 2nd, 5th
    harvest of 88 peppers September 9th. That’s 347 peppers !! From 3 plants. I will
    probably have one or two more picks. I’m thinking I’ll probably be looking at 400
    peppers total this year. The plants have actually started flowering again!
    unfortunately I won’t have the season left to set more fruit. My plan is to
    overwinter my best 2 plants in the house since I live in grow zone 4 and can’t
    leave them outside. I have high hopes for them next year.

    Reply
                                
                                
                                
     1. [67287] peppergeek says:
        12/18/2023 at 9:54 am

        Wow! That’s a really impressive harvest from 3 plants. Glad we could help in
        some way. Hope you made something tasty with your habaneros. Best of luck
        with overwintering!

        Reply
                        
                        
                        
 3. [1d9b2] Rafael says:
    10/21/2022 at 11:05 am

    Is growing habanero during winter hard?

    Reply
                                
                                
                                
     1. [67287] peppergeek says:
        10/22/2022 at 7:19 am

        It can be, but if you keep the temperatures up where they should be (~70°F),
        give plenty of light and nutrients, then you can definitely do it.

        Reply
                             
                             
                             
 4. [9c45c] Chuck Fluri says:
    07/26/2022 at 10:32 am

    Buying seeds can be expensive. I bought a nice ripe habanero from the supermarket
    for 24¢, ate it and planted the seeds. I got 20 sprouts. Now I need to look for a
    scorpion pepper. I saw them, can’t remember where. Bountiful gardening everyone.

    Reply
                            
                            
                            
 5. [dd479] Jim Dearth says:
    04/01/2022 at 7:19 pm

    I live on Guam where it’s hot all the time and we get a lot of rain. The local
    people love their hot stuff, and so do I. I bought some habos from the store,
    dried them, and planted the seeds, only one began to grow.

    Reply
                                
                                
                                
     1. [67287] peppergeek says:
        04/02/2022 at 11:03 am

        Well, either plant more seeds, or take really good care of that one plant! It
        could be that the seeds dried during germination. Also, if your habos were
        green, the seeds could have not been fully developed in the pod.

        Reply
                      
                      
                      
 6. [b7439] Ryan says:
    07/03/2021 at 11:00 am

    I’ve never grown habaneros before. I’ve had some amazing Jalapeno plants. They
    grew huge and bushy. But my habanero plant seems like it’s stunted. It hasn’t
    grown in about 2 weeks. Not sure what I’m doing wrong.

    Reply
                        
                        
                        
 7. [cf84b] Damian says:
    06/26/2021 at 7:55 pm

    When topping the pepper plant, can’t you place the cutting in some water to
    generate a second plant?

    Reply
                         
                         
                         
 8. [afc9d] Deborah says:
    06/01/2021 at 2:56 pm

    What type of insect do affect habanero.
    Also what is the cause of wilting leaves after fruiting and also cause of
    dropping of green leaves.

    Reply
                                
                                
                                
     1. [67287] peppergeek says:
        06/02/2021 at 7:28 am

        Aphids, thrips, and various mites can affect pepper plants. Use a diluted
        neem oil spray for a fairly effective solution. As for wilting, you may have
        sun scald, or insect damage can also cause this if it is severe.

        Reply
                                         
                                         
                                         
 9. [4ad9a] Myrehoff Fluggenplorper says:
    10/04/2020 at 3:24 am

    Hey guy,

    I got these ghost peppers and they are growing great! Tall, bushy and lots of
    flowers… but not making any pollen. None of the flowers are producing pollen,
    I’ve dissected many flowers, there’s nothing. Thoughts? Please help

    MF

    Reply
                                
                                
                                
     1. [67287] peppergeek says:
        10/04/2020 at 10:40 am

        Hey there,

        We had this issue with a few of our superhot pepper varieties this year
        (especially reapers). Since other, similar varieties did very well under
        identical conditions, we had to assume it had to do with the plant variety
        itself.

        However, there are some environmental causes for low productivity. These
        include watering too frequently, abnormally high temperatures and too much
        nitrogen in your fertilizer. Once pepper plants start to produce flowers, we
        switch to a less nitrogen-rich fertilizer to encourage fruiting [like this].

        Hope this helps,
        -Calvin

        Reply
                                  
                                  
                                  
         1. [4ad9a] myrehoff says:
            10/04/2020 at 5:15 pm

            thanks, it’s likely the water. They and my other seranos are suffering
            from edema

            Reply
                                     
                                     
                                     
             1. [4522a] Maxwell says:
                01/05/2021 at 11:19 pm

                I’m just starting habanero farming

                Reply

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating (*)
( )
( )
( )
( )
( )

[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ]          
[                                             ] Comment *

[                              ]Name *

[                              ]Email *

[                              ]Website

[Post Comment] 

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
[peppersgeeks]                                                          

Meet Pepper Geek

Hi there! We're Calvin and Crystalyn. Welcome to our spicy corner of the internet.
Here, you'll learn all of our favorite pepper growing tips and spicy recipes. For all
of our non-pepper gardening content, check us out at Geeky Greenhouse.

About Us
Search
[                    ]
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Reader Favs

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Pepper plant edema on leaf up close                                                                            

Edema In Plants – How To Treat (With Pictures)

                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
Ripening Jimmy Nardello peppers                                                                                

Jimmy Nardello Peppers – A Delicious Italian Heirloom

                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Dorset naga peppers                                                                                                                   

How To Grow Hotter Peppers (5 Methods For Spicier Pods)

                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Fuego Box Review                                                                                                   

Fuego Box Review

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

  • Privacy Policy
  • Contact Us

   

© 2024 Pepper Geek

  • Growing Peppers
  • Recipes
  • Shop
  • About Us

Search for: [                    ] [Search]
